Mar-10-2014 23:43 TweetFollow @OregonNews Hong Kong's Air Traffic Control Center reported the debris field was spotted by a passing airliner. MH370 has been missing for four days.  (SALEM) - An aviation Website reports via the Hong Kong Air Traffic Control Center, that a large field of debris has been located at position N9.72 E107.42, about 80 nautical miles southeast of Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam. The wreckage was reportedly observed about fifty nautical miles off of Vietnam's southeast coast, in the South China Sea. This is about 281 nautical miles northeast of the plane's last known radar position. At this point ships are enroute to the reported debris field, according to Aviation Herald. Hong Kong's Air Traffic Control Center reported the debris field was spotted by a passing airliner. It was further reported that Vietnam's Headquarters for the Search and Rescue operation did receive the report by Hong Kong's Air Traffic Control Center regarding the spotted, large field of debris. There is already one vessel in the area, a cargo ship from Thailand, but so far the crew has not spotted any wreckage. "As we enter into Day 4, the aircraft is yet to be found," Malaysian Airlines reports. "The search and rescue teams (SAR) have expanded the scope beyond the flight path to the West Peninsular of Malaysia at the Straits of Malacca. The authorities are looking at a possibility of an attempt made by MH370 to turn back to Subang. All angles are being looked at. We are not ruling out any possibilities." The following statement was also released by Malaysia Airlines today. The mission is aided by various countries namely Australia, China, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam, Philippines and the United States of America. The assets deployed to cover the search and rescue is extensive. In total there are nine aircraft and 24 vessels deployed on this mission. Apart from the search in the sea, search on land in between these areas is also conducted. The search and rescue teams have analysed debris and oil slick found in the waters. It is confirmed that it does not belong to MH370. The B777-200 aircraft that operated MH370 underwent maintenance on 23 February 2014, 12 days before this particular flight on 8 March 2014. The next check is due on 19 June 2014. The maintenance was conducted at the KLIA hangar and there were no issues on the health of the aircraft. The aircraft was delivered to Malaysia Airlines in 2002 and have since recorded 53,465.21 hours with a total of 7525 cycles. All Malaysia Airlines aircraft are equipped with continuous data monitoring system called the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) which transmits data automatically. Nevertheless, there were no distress calls and no information was relayed. Malaysia Airlines has a special task force to take care of families. Mercy Malaysia and Tzu Chi and others are also helping Malaysia Airlines by providing special psychological counseling to families and also the MH crew. The Chinese government officials in Malaysia are also working closely with Malaysia Airlines. A representative from the embassy is stationed at the Emergency Operations Centre to assist with the emergency management and matters related to families in Kuala Lumpur. In Beijing, the Prime Minister’s special envoy to China, Tan Sri Ong Ka Ting is there to assist and coordinate all operational matters with Malaysia Airlines. We regret and empathise with the families and we will do whatever we can to ensure that all basic needs, comfort, psychological support are delivered. We are as anxious as the families to know the status of their loved ones. To the families of the crew on-board MH370, we share your pain and anxiety. They are of the MAS family and we are deeply affected by this unfortunate incident. Malaysia Airlines reiterates that it will continue to be transparent in communicating with the general public via the media on all matters affecting MH370.  Articles for March 8, 2014 | Articles for March 10, 2014 | Articles for March 11, 2014