More than 40 planes and ships from 10 nations have scoured the water between Malaysia and Vietnam but have found no trace of flight MH370. Malaysia Airlines said in a statement that search and rescue teams have now expanded their scope to the Malacca Strait between Malaysia's western coast and Indonesia's Sumatra island. Authorities have said the plan may have attempted to turn back to Kuala Lumpur, but they expressed surprise that it would do so without informing ground control.    To reach the strait - which is a busy shipping lane - the plane would have had to cross over the country, presumably within the range of radar.     At the time the aircraft disappered, it was roughly midway between Malaysia's east coast town of Kota Bharu and the southern tip of Vietnam, flying at 35,000 ft.  But a military official claimed it may have changed direction and been heading back towards where it took off. He said: "It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude. It made it into the Malacca Strait.” If the reports from the military are verified, it would mean the plane was able to maintain a cruising altitude and flew for about 350 miles with its transponder and other tracking systems apparently switched off.  Meanwhile, police have announced that an Iranian man travelling with a stolen passport on a commercial jetliner which vanished is thought to have no links to terrorism. The passenger has been named as Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad and it is thought he may have been trying to migrate to Germany. He was one of two people to board Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 using a stolen passport. The Boeing 777 took off from Kuala Lumpur on Saturday but disappeared en route to Beijing with 239 people on board.   The airline says the pilots didn't send any distress signals and there was no sign the plane was in trouble before it vanished. The news that two passengers boarded the plane with stolen passports sparked speculation the plane could have been hijacked by terrorists.   But the theory weakened after Malaysian authorities determined that one of them was an Iranian asylum seeker.  Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said: "We believe he is not likely to be a member of any terrorist group.”He added that the young man's mother was waiting for him in Frankfurt and had been in contact with the police. He said she contacted Malaysian authorities to inform them of her concern when her son didn't get in touch with her.   Khalid said the other man travelling with the Iranian had arrived in Malaysia on the same day, and had yet to be identified.    He said investigators had not ruled out any possibility, including hijacking, sabotage or a personal motive to down the plane by either the crew or passengers. He also said that the police " had no prior information or intelligence about any involvement of terrorists,"  Authorities questioned travel agents at a beach resort in Thailand on Monday, who police say were involved in handling reservations and issuing tickets used by the Iranian asylum seeker and his companion. Both men had both booked onward flights to Europe, and were travelling on stolen passports of an Italian and an Austrian.   Over the last three days the search mission has grown to include nine aircraft and 24 ships from nine countries, which have been scouring the Gulf of Thailand on the eastern side of Malaysia. Apart from the sea, land areas are also being searched.   Some relatives have claimed they have been able to call mobile phones belonging to passengers and send messages to them on a chinese messenger service called QQ. China, where two-thirds of the passengers were from, has urged Malaysian authorities to "speed up the efforts" while also contributing ships and helicopters to the search.   A shopping mall in Beijing suspended advertising on its large outdoor LED screen to display a search timer - an image of an airplane along with a digital clock marking the time since contact with the flight was lost.More than 40 planes and ships from 10 nations have scoured the water between Malaysia and Vietnam but have found no trace of flight MH370. Malaysia Airlines said in a statement that search and rescue teams have now expanded their scope to the Malacca Strait between Malaysia's western coast and Indonesia's Sumatra island. Authorities have said the plan may have attempted to turn back to Kuala Lumpur, but they expressed surprise that it would do so without informing ground control.    To reach the strait - which is a busy shipping lane - the plane would have had to cross over the country, presumably within the range of radar.     At the time the aircraft disappered, it was roughly midway between Malaysia's east coast town of Kota Bharu and the southern tip of Vietnam, flying at 35,000 ft.  But a military official claimed it may have changed direction and been heading back towards where it took off. He said: "It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude. It made it into the Malacca Strait.”If the reports from the military are verified, it would mean the plane was able to maintain a cruising altitude and flew for about 350 miles with its transponder and other tracking systems apparently switched off.  Meanwhile, police have announced that an Iranian man travelling with a stolen passport on a commercial jetliner which vanished is thought to have no links to terrorism. The passenger has been named as Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad and it is thought he may have been trying to migrate to Germany. He was one of two people to board Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 using a stolen passport. The Boeing 777 took off from Kuala Lumpur on Saturday but disappeared en route to Beijing with 239 people on board.   The airline says the pilots didn't send any distress signals and there was no sign the plane was in trouble before it vanished. The news that two passengers boarded the plane with stolen passports sparked speculation the plane could have been hijacked by terrorists.   But the theory weakened after Malaysian authorities determined that one of them was an Iranian asylum seeker.  Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said: "We believe he is not likely to be a member of any terrorist group.”He added that the young man's mother was waiting for him in Frankfurt and had been in contact with the police. He said she contacted Malaysian authorities to inform them of her concern when her son didn't get in touch with her.   Khalid said the other man travelling with the Iranian had arrived in Malaysia on the same day, and had yet to be identified.    He said investigators had not ruled out any possibility, including hijacking, sabotage or a personal motive to down the plane by either the crew or passengers. He also said that the police " had no prior information or intelligence about any involvement of terrorists,"  Authorities questioned travel agents at a beach resort in Thailand on Monday, who police say were involved in handling reservations and issuing tickets used by the Iranian asylum seeker and his companion. Both men had both booked onward flights to Europe, and were travelling on stolen passports of an Italian and an Austrian.   Over the last three days the search mission has grown to include nine aircraft and 24 ships from nine countries, which have been scouring the Gulf of Thailand on the eastern side of Malaysia. Apart from the sea, land areas are also being searched.   Some relatives have claimed they have been able to call mobile phones belonging to passengers and send messages to them on a chinese messenger service called QQ. China, where two-thirds of the passengers were from, has urged Malaysian authorities to "speed up the efforts" while also contributing ships and helicopters to the search.   A shopping mall in Beijing suspended advertising on its large outdoor LED screen to display a search timer - an image of an airplane along with a digital clock marking the time since contact with the flight was lost.