KOTA KINABALU: Lack of air connectivity is the reason why Sabah lacks visitors from Canada.According to Tourism, Culture and Environment Minister Datuk Masidi Manjun, with the limited resources rendered to his ministry, it can only concentrate on promoting the State to places with readily available air connectivity.He also said that there were no formal arrangements to attract visitors from Canada.However, some tour agents had contacts with their counterparts in Canada, but that was it, he said.He added that this might change in the future.“We have been trying to find time to go to North America and organise some form of exhibition or events related to culture on Sabah. We are hoping to be able to do that with the Foreign Ministry of our country,” he said.Meanwhile, Masidi said there are Sabahans going to Canada for studies and for business.He added that Canada is among the few countries in the world that allows their foreign students to work during their holidays.It is also easy find a place to stay in Canada as most universities offer residence in the campus. The fees are also reasonable.On the travel warning issued by Canada, Masidi said that he hoped it would be reviewed.“We have always been transparent. The ministry has been transparent on what’s happening in Sabah. We are not surprised of the action taken and they have every right to decide what is deemed necessary to warn their citizens. On the same token, I hope the high commissioner of Canada will relook the situation here. It has become better and I hope they will come and evaluate the situation.”He added that his ministry would be more than happy to assist the High Commission of Canada.“We respect the rights of other countries to decide and determine the sort of status that in their opinion is suitable for their countrymen. So if there is a warning to visit East Coast, I am sure they have reasons for it. But having said that, I truly believe that the situation has changed for the better. I hope they evaluate the travel advisory and look at the situation with the view of taking out the advisory.”