In an age when many people carry phones so smart they know where they are at each moment, it seems incongruous that a 200-foot-long jetliner with 239 people on board could fly off the grid.Yet that’s apparently what happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which vanished early Saturday, casting a spotlight on the limitations of modern air navigation systems, say experts at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University who study such things.By Tuesday, searchers still hadn’t found any trace of the Boeing 777 — making it an unusual but not unprecedented case, Embry-Riddle faculty members said.When planes fly over land, radars allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint the location of the plane, said Sid McGuirk, associate professor of air traffic management at Embry-Riddle. That changes when they cross over large bodies of water, because radars only reach 150 to 200 miles. During transoceanic flights, pilots report their location to air traffic controllers periodically.The Malaysia Airlines plane lost contact with air traffic controllers around 2:40 a.m. local time Saturday, two hours after takeoff, the airline said. The search for the plane, which took off from Kuala Lumpur on the west coast of Malaysia en route to Beijing, has expanded the scope beyond the flight path to the West Peninsula of Malaysia at the Straits of Malacca, the Associated Press reported.Sooner or later, McGuirk said, the plane will turn up.“If it was a catastrophic event and the aircraft did go down — and we don’t know that — there’s got to be a debris field out there someplace,” McGuirk said.That’s what happened with Air France Flight 447, which disappeared en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris in 2009. The plane hit a heavy thunderstorm and plunged into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Brazil, killing all 228 passengers and crew members. Brazilian authorities found the first major wreckage within five days of the crash, but the investigation was slowed because the aircraft’s flight data recorders — often called black boxes — were not recovered from the ocean floor until nearly two years later.Embry-Riddle has been at the forefront of the U.S. effort to transition from radar-based navigation and radio communication to a satellite-based navigation and digital communication known as the Next Generation Air Transportation System, or NextGen. While that system is expected to reduce delays and allow planes to fly closer together, it likely won’t help searchers find planes lost at sea, McGuirk said, because the current technology requires the use of land-based antennae.Determining the cause of plane crashes is like solving puzzles, and sometimes you don’t have all of the pieces, said Anthony Brickhouse, associate professor of aerospace and occupational safety at Embry-Riddle. He worked for about four months in 1998 at the National Transportation Safety Board, where his duties included gathering background information about TWA Flight 800, which crashed in the Atlantic in 1996 just minutes after taking off from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York.“As an investigator, I’m trained that nothing comes off the table unless you have physical evidence,” Brickhouse said. “Until they find that aircraft, I don’t think they can discount anything.”Just last Friday, Brickhouse gave a lecture about how organizations can prepare for accidents. Now the Malaysia Airlines incident is serving as the latest real-life example for lessons at Embry-Riddle.“A lot of what we do in the classroom is based on accidents that have happened and we do case studies,” Brickhouse said, adding that he discussed the case Monday with the students in all of his classes.Though it can take months or even years, Brickhouse said it’s important to study accidents and solve the mysteries of why they occurred so authorities and airlines can prevent them from happening again.