Kurdish forces in northern Syria are making incremental gains against Islamic State militants, routing them from points along a key highway. With Rob Raffaele providing narration, VOA Kurdish service reporter Zana Omer has more from the village of Qashqai.Kurdish forces in northern Syria are making incremental gains against Islamic State militants, routing them from points along a key highway. With Rob Raffaele providing narration, VOA Kurdish service reporter Zana Omer has more from the village of Qashqai.U.S. officials say the Pentagon is considering sending U.S. military ships and aircraft to assert freedom of navigation in the South China Sea, in a direct challenge to China as it manufactures artificial islands in the disputed territorial waters. VOA Pentagon correspondent Carla Babb has more.The United Nations refugee agency and humanitarian groups are urging southeast Asian countries to open their doors to thousands of desperate refugees from Myanmar and Bangladesh, believed to be stuck in rickety vessels in the Andaman Sea and Strait of Malacca off the Indian Ocean. Nearly 2,000 boat people were rescued or swam to Indonesia and Malaysia earlier this week, drawing attention to their plight. Zlatica Hoke reports.The Pentagon has showcased some of the military's newest technology in its first ever Defense Department Lab Day. Our Pentagon correspondent Carla Babb was there to see the inventors show off the latest gadgets.Illegal immigrants are an important source for day labor in America, although their legal status is frequently at the center of the U.S. political debate. Day-to-day work is not always guaranteed, but a special kind of organization—the Day Labor Center---helps undocumented immigrants to both find work and receive fair compensation. As Lin Yang narrates, VOA’s Enming Liu visited one such center to see how it works.North Korea's military ambitions and China's maritime claims will be two of the focal points for Secretary of State John Kerry, when he travels to Asia this weekend. His visit to China comes at a time of heightened tensions between Washington and Beijing over China's expanding land reclamation effort in disputed areas of the South China Sea. VOA State Department Correspondent Pam Dockins has the story.An Urban Forager in the Wilds of New York City Since 1986, a man who calls himself Wildman Steve Brill has been leading foraging tours in New York City parks, showing people how to identify plants and fungi that you can dig up and take home for dinner. VOA’s Carolyn Weaver went along on one of the excursions, and has this report.Interest in Bilingual Education Rising in U.S. Many educators in the U.S. are seeing an increase in interest among parents in bilingual and even multilingual education. As a response to this trend, both public and private schools are offering more options for their students. From Los Angeles, VOA's Elizabeth Lee reports.