(MENAFN - Arab Times) The area of search has been expanded in the South China Sea," Civil Aviation Department chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman told reporters late Monday. He also confirmed the search area covers land on the Malaysian peninsula itself, the waters off its west coast and an area to the north of the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The huge area now being covered reflects authorities' bafflement over the disappearance of the flight, with 40 ships and more than 30 planes finding no sign of it. Emotions are running high as Beijing blamed Kuala Lumpur for a lack of information, while tearful relatives of the 153 Chinese passengers aboard voiced frustration with all sides of the response effort. China said Malaysia needed to "step up" its efforts after authorities admitted they were mystified. "The Malaysian side cannot shirk its responsibilities," the Global Times newspaper, which is close to the ruling Communist Party, wrote in a scathing editorial. "The initial response from Malaysia was not swift enough. A day of conflicting information deepened relatives' anguish, with tests on oil slicks in the South China Sea showing they were not from the Boeing 777 and reports of possible debris from the flight proving to be false alarms. Hong Kong's Civil Aviation Department said that a pilot on a flight from the southern Chinese city to Kuala Lumpur had reported seeing "large debris" while flying over Vietnamese waters in the latest sighting to be investigated. At a Beijing hotel, Malaysian embassy officials were processing visa applications for families wanting to take up an offer from MAS to travel to Kuala Lumpur to be closer to the rescue operations. Scores of relatives made their way into the room, some in groups of five or six, clutching handkerchiefs and wiping away tears from their faces. Others said they would not go. "There is more we can do here in China," one woman told AFP. "They haven't even found the plane yet. A team of Chinese officials from government ministries headed for Malaysia on Monday, tasked with investigating the incident and helping family members already there. As the search entered a third full day, other families of missing passengers gathered at a hotel in Malaysia's administrative capital, Putrajaya, sharing breakfast as they stared intently at television news bulletins. Malaysian officials have said there was a possibility that MH370 may have inexplicably turned back towards Kuala Lumpur. The plane, captained by a veteran MAS pilot, had relayed no indications of distress, and weather at the time was said to be good Malaysia Airlines shares lost 18 percent at one point Monday as the market reacted to the jet's disappearance, although clawed back most of those losses to close down 4.0 percent. The incident is a serious blow for the carrier, which has haemorrhaged cash for several years amid mounting competition from low-cost rivals such as AirAsia. A company official says a woman based in western Pennsylvania was among the 239 people aboard a Malaysia Airlines jet that disappeared en route to Beijing over the weekend Eastman Chemical Co says Mei Ling Chng of South Park was on the Boeing 777 that vanished from radar between Malaysia and Vietnam. The Malaysian woman was a senior process engineer for Eastman subsidiary Flexsys America in Monongahela, near Pittsburgh. Eastman Chemical spokeswoman Tracy Kilgore told reporters in an email that officials "are deeply shocked and saddened." She said Chng had transferred to Monongahela in 2010. Kilgore said Chng was "remembered fondly by her co-workers as being ... pleasant and happy as well as well-respected." Flexsys makes and supplies chemicals for the rubber industry