There's no need to ever feel left out again at the water cooler conversation. Here's a rundown of the stories currently trending in the world, the country and your backyard.McGinniss dies: Joe McGinniss, the man who wrote the novels “Fatal Vision” about the murder of former Green Beret Jeffrey MacDonald’s wife and children, and “The Selling of a President” about President Richard M. Nixon, died Monday. McGinniss was 71, and died of complications of prostate cancer. Lately, he had been in the news for a tiff with his  neighbor (and latest novel subject) – former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. Full story: The New York TimesMedicare limit dropped: The Obama administration said Monday it would drop a plan to limit the types of drugs seniors could get through the Medicare Part D prescription drug plan. The plan, which would have affected nearly 39 million people, called for an end to coverage of nearly any type of antidepressant, antipsychotic or immunosuppressant drug. Full story: PoliticoMalaysia Airlines: An Iranian teenager who wanted to move to Germany has been identified as the man traveling with a stolen passport on the missing Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777. Authorities say the man, and another traveling on a second stolen passport, are not thought to be part of a terrorist network. There is little new news in the search for the plane. Full story: The Associated PressNew immigration policy: The White House has announced a new immigration policy that extends legal status and military benefits to undocumented immigrants who are related to members of the military. Spouses, parents and children of active duty military members are included under the new policy. Full story: Fox NewsTalking climate change: Senate Democrats pulled an all-nighter Monday into Tuesday as they debated climate change and what the United States should do about it. More than two dozen speakers argued the need for action on what was once called "global warming." There was no debate over whether the planet's climate is changing. "Climate change is real, it is caused by humans, and it is solvable," said Sen. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii. Full story: The Associated PressLinda, lookit, I think he deserves one after that argument."Good Looking" parents lip-sync to "Love is an Open Door" from "Frozen." Daughter seems embarrassed.