With technology tracking our every move, it seems incredible that a plane carrying 239 passengers could vanish into thin air.Yet despite flight data recorders, location transponders and radio communication, the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 disappeared on a midnight flight out of Kuala Lumpur on Friday.Experts are baffled by the loss of communication, with some putting forward theories of mid-air bomb explosions, disappearance into an 'aeronautical black hole' and an attempt at electronic warfare. The mystery has deepened after reports emerged that relatives have been able to call the mobiles of their missing loved ones.Professor William Webb, a fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering, told MailOnline: ‘The phones definitely won't be working. They'll be underwater, out of coverage and by this time out of battery.‘So there's absolutely no way they could be used for triangulation.‘As to why they are "ringing" it'll be the same as if they were out of coverage - in some cases it may ring before going to voicemail.’Some reports claim the phones are just ringing and ringing however.Telecoms expert Alan Spencer told MailOnline that if the phones are really ringing, they can categorically not be under the sea.He added that the phones will only be ringing if they are ‘switched on, not in water, the battery is charged, and [they are] near a mobile cell site.’This means that if the phones are genuinely ringing, the plane needs to have landed on land – not in the sea – and be in a location where there is cell service, rather than in the middle of a jungle, for example. Meanwhile, the disappearance of the aircraft may be explained by a deliberate cutting of power to the plane’s communication instruments.Dr Martyn Thomas from the Institution of Engineering and Technology, told MailOnline that he thinks a sudden decompression of the plane may have taken place and effectively knocked out the pilot and passengers – as well as the communication equipment.In this scenario, the plane could have flown on using its autopilot without any human influence and ‘could be anywhere within about 2,000 miles’.Another possibility is that the plane fell into an 'aeronautical black hole' in the region, according to Stewart John, an aeronautical expert and Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering.Radar is used to track planes over land in inhabited areas but when planes venture over remote lands, such as the inner part of Russia or over the jungles of Malaysia, the only way of tracking them is the aircraft sending back information at regular intervals, he explained. If the aircraft remained airborne after the last check-in it could still be hundreds of miles away from where people are searching.Dr John thinks it is more likely that the aircraft was destroyed by an ‘explosive decompression’ – likely be a bomb on-board the plane.He said that if a door or window was blown out, a pilot would be able to manage the situation. He explained that the catastrophe ‘had to be explosive [for the aircraft] to fall down from the sky…it would be more than just a panel blowing out’.He added: ‘If they lost both engines, the pilot would have around 20 minutes - roughly equivalent to 70 to 80miles - to glide down from an altitude of 30,000 feet.’However, Dr Martyn Thomas from the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET) believes that a civil or military tracking device must have clocked the aircraft’s location.Aircraft are mostly tracked by secondary radar over land. Over large distances planes automatically transmit a four digit ‘squawk’ code showing its identification and altitude.A system called Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast (ADS-B) is used for when aircraft are out of normal radar range, such as over remote regions or oceans.‘Aircraft ping out their location speed, heading and altitude, which are broadcast and logged. You can track any flight,’ Dr Thomas said.Airplanes also send information to an airline about their performance and emergency warning data. ‘But appears none was received’ for the flight in question, he said.‘It seems as if it took off, climbed to 30,000ft and maintained a level heading, then in the last few seconds started to turn right,’ Dr Thomas added.‘It is known where the aircraft was within tens of metres when it lost contact,’ he explained, so it seems that there was ‘either a deliberate cutting of power to communications instruments such as radios and transponders, or a catastrophic event.’‘Something stopped communication instruments in the cockpit or there was a catastrophic failure – but it is very hard to understand,’ he added.In a more radical theory, the possibility of electronic warfare has also been raised following confirmation that there were at least 20 passengers onboard from Texas-based Freescale Semiconductor. Each of these passengers had specialist knowledge of electronic technology for defence applications.This could include ‘cloaking’ technology that uses a hexagonal array of glasslike panels to bend light around an object, such as plane, according to a report in Beforeitsnews.com.Other techniques may have been used to jam signals, allowing the plane to vanish from radar detection without its security systems being activated.‘It is conceivable that the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 plane is “cloaked,” hiding with hi-tech electronic warfare weaponry that exists and is used,’ Beforeitsnews.com wrote.‘In fact, this type of technology is precisely the expertise of Freescale that has 20 employees on board the missing flight.’‘These were people with a lot of experience and technical background and they were very important people,’ Mr Mitch Haws, Global communications officer for the tech company, said.The company recently launched a major initiative dedicated to serving radio frequency power needs of U.S. aerospace and defence sector. The mystery of why no debris has been found at sea or over land is also leaving experts baffled, but there is a theory that if the plane crashed in the jungle, tall rubber trees, which are common in the region, could cover the crash site easily. Dr John said: ‘If it came down in a controlled way, it would carve a path through the trees – you would see a kind of runway – so it’s got to be a catastrophe and something out of the normal.’On Monday, the head of the organisation that monitors the nuclear test ban treaty said he has asked its experts to see if they detected an explosion at the altitude of the missing plane.Lassina Zerbo, executive director of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organisation (CTBTO) explained to a news conference that experts can use 'infrasound; - or infrasonic sensors - to monitor the planet  for atmospheric nuclear explosions.'There's a possibility, it's not absolute, that the technology like the Infrazone could be able to detect an explosion,' he said in response to a question by CBS News. Infrasound are acoustic waves with very low frequencies that are inaudible to the human ear are called infrasound.'Infrasound is produced by a variety of natural and man-made sources: exploding volcanoes, earthquakes, meteors, storms and auroras in the natural world; nuclear, mining and large chemical explosions, as well as aircraft and rocket launches in the man-made arena,' the CTBTO said.WHY ARE THE PHONES STILL RINGING? After three days, wouldn’t the phone batteries be dead by now?  Not necessarily. Smartphones are renowned for their poor battery life and will typically last up to around 24 hours. But the batteries on older, feature phones can last much longer.  For example, the Nokia 100 boasts a standby battery life of a staggering 35 days. Smartphone batteries can also last longer if the handset isn’t being used, and especially if the phone is in Flight Mode.  However, if the phone is in Flight Mode, it switches off all wireless activity meaning calls wouldn’t be able to connect, effectively ruling out this theory.    If the phone batteries are dead, wouldn’t the call go straight to voicemail?  In a word, yes. However, the process of sending the call to voicemail can differ depending on the service provider.  For example, the majority of phones will go straight to voicemail, or callers will get an out of service message if voicemail hasn’t been set up.  This will occur even if the phone is underwater, or not near a cell signal.  However, some service providers will ring once or twice before the phone goes to voicemail, or cut off. This may explain the reports that claimed phones rang before seeming to hang up.  Some reports claim the phones are just ringing and ringing though. How is this possible?  Telecoms expert Alan Spencer told MailOnline that if the phones are really ringing, they can categorically not be under the sea.  Although he added that the phones will only be ringing if they are ‘switched on, not in water, the battery is charged, and [they are] near a mobile cell site.’  This means that if the phones are genuinely ringing, the plane needs to have landed on land – not in the sea – and be in a location where there is cell service, rather than landing in the middle of a jungle, for example.   A number of family members have asked the network operators why they can’t use the phone’s signal to locate the missing people.  Professor William Webb, a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering, told MailOnline: ‘The phones definitely won't be working. They'll be underwater, out of coverage and by this time out of battery.  ‘So there's absolutely no way they could be used for triangulation.  ‘As to why they are ‘ringing’ it'll be the same as if they were out of coverage - in some cases it may ring before going to voicemail.’  What about the T3212 timer I’ve read about?  The T3212 is a timer that causes a phone to periodically send a message to the network saying where it is.  But Professor Webb said this only works when the phone is turned on and it is in coverage. It won't work when the battery is dead.  What about reports that passengers are appearing online, on the QQ social network?  When people sign into social networks including QQ, as well as Facebook, they appear online.  This is the case whether they’ve signed in on a phone, tablet, PC, and laptop. If missing passengers are shown as online, they may not be using the service on their phone. Instead they may still be logged in on another device.  If this other device shuts down or goes into standby, however, or there is a long period of inactivity, the social network will log them out, which may explain why some accounts went from online to offline over a period of three days.The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 disappeared along with 239 people on a midnight flight out of Kuala Lumpur on Friday.On board were cockpit voice and flight data recorders – the ‘black boxes’ – which each include a ‘pinger’ that sends a transmission up to 30 days after submersion.It was with an ASD-B flight transponder which, unlike the GPS in a car, broadcasts its location by sending information back to air traffic controllers every second.Crews are also able to speak to their airline through 'discrete radio channels', according to aviation expert John Goglia, writing on the Forbes website.'A complete electrical failure is extremely unlikely because of redundancies in the system’ he said.‘Especially the ram air turbine which uses the power of the wind generated by the aircraft’s motion in flight to generate electricity which would power critical navigation and communication systems, as well as flight controls.'But even if the aircraft had a complete electrical failure, the aircraft could have continued to fly.'He goes on to argue the plane could have eventually flown to an area where it would have been picked up again by radar, suggesting it was 'too early to speculate' on what has caused the disappearance.Currently all that is known is the missing flight underwent ‘a steep and sudden descent’ and changed its heading.WHAT HAPPENED TO FLIGHT 370? SOME MORE POSSIBLE SCENARIOS  One of the theories surrounding the missing plane is that a terrorist boarded the plane and blew it up in mid-air. The theory was favoured after the discovery of two stolen passports linked to people with tickets for the flight.  Robert Francis, former vice chairman of the U.S. National Transportation Board told Local10.com  that if flight 370 was blown up there would have been no signal and the plane could disappear from radar without warning.  There is a theory that the plane could have been blown up over a jungle and that if the pilot was incapacitated or killed, the aircraft or debris could have fallen into or through the canopy, which is why it has yet to be found. Problem: So far no debris of wreckage has been found that would indicate the aircraft was destroyed by a bomb blast.  Dr Martyn Thomas, of the IET, told MailOnline that if a bomb had destroyed the aircraft over the sea where the search is currently focused, you would expect to see debris as the sea is shallower than the length of the aircraft and plenty of pieces would float, such as fibreglass panels and seat cushions. It is unlikely that any explosion would have been captured by orbiting satellites as they could have to pass over the exact location at the correct time to record a flash from above. Experts have confirmed that oil slicks and debris found in the South China Sea didn’t originate from flight 370.   The aircraft could have suffered a massive mechanical failure, which caused it to plummet onto water without breaking up. It could have sunk without leaving any debris behind. Problem: In the past, pilots have managed to glide a plane more slowly down when engines have failed, giving them time to send an SOS. But no emergency signal was made, which would seem likely if pilots had to make the decision to ditch the aircraft.   Radar data has indicated that the plane might have made a U-turn to head back to Kuala Lumur, which some experts think might indicate that the aircraft was hijacked.  Problem: There are no reports of flight crew sending any signals to get help, which would be expected in a hijacking scenario. Dr Thomas said that the hijacking theory is ‘odd’ because it is likely that a plane continuing a journey would have been detected by military radar somewhere in the region – especially if it made a U-turn and passed over busy areas of land.   In all air mysteries, there is a chance that an error of judgement by the pilot was to blame.  Problem: It is impossible to know if this is the case while the plane has yet to be recovered. A handful of aviation experts have compared flight 370 to an Air France disaster in 2009 when flight 447 went missing in a storm on the way to Brazil. After years of searching, the aircraft’s black box was recovered and revealed that pilots failed to attempt any recovery manoeuvres, but aside from the lack of evidence the Malaysia Air pilots acted in a similar way, weather was relatively good along Flight 370’s route. A decompression of the plane took place and effectively knocked out the pilot and passengers, as well as the communication equipment, according to another theory. Commenting on the idea, Dr Thomas said that theoretically the plane could have flown on using its autopilot without any human influence and ‘could be anywhere within about 2,000 miles’ until its fuel ran out and it crashed. Problem: In order for this theory to be proved correct, the plane’s wreckage black box would need to be found and Dr Thomas said that the theory is ‘highly speculative and not at all likely.’The only way to find out is through the flight recorders.Searchers are listening out for flight MH370's 406 megahertz Emergency Locator Transmitter, a unit that separates from aircraft wreckage and floats when it is immersed in saltwater.Nine nations have now joined the attempt to find the mission. The operation involves 34 aircraft, 40 ships and a battery of search and rescue technologies.The U.S. has flown a Lockheed Martin P-3C long-range search aircraft from its base in Okinawa, Japan, to Kuala Lumpur to undertake 10-hour nonstop search missions.And the USS Pinckney, a guided missile destroyer, has been deployed so its two Sikorsky MH-60 Seahawk helicopters can be used to get close to any suspect wreckage.The aircraft can also drop ‘sonobuoys’ which are floating devices that listen underwater and transmit what they detect via a radio antenna.The disappearance of the Malaysian aircraft has some similarities to the Air France flight which vanished from radar screens an hour or so after take-off from Rio De Janeiro, Brazil, on 1 June 2009.It crashed in waters 4 km deep in the Atlantic's and so was difficult to find. This jet, however, is likely to have gone down in waters just 100 metres deep, according to experts.