DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla. -- A disabled South Florida woman was viciously attacked inside her own home by two men who broke in and threatened her for jewelry and money, but police said they only got away with a safe filled with her medication. DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla. -- A disabled South Florida woman was viciously attacked inside her own home by two men who broke in and threatened her for jewelry and money, but police said they only got away with a safe filled with her medication.LAKE MARY, Fla. -- A man who shot at George Zimmerman during a confrontation earlier this week along a busy central Florida road has been arrested. LAKE MARY, Fla. -- A man who shot at George Zimmerman during a confrontation earlier this week along a busy central Florida road has been arrested.DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla. -- A South Florida neighborhood was placed on lockdown Friday night after, authorities said, several men attempted to rob a man who then turned the tables on his attackers. Two of the suspects were apprehended, and police believe two more remain on the loose. DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla. -- A South Florida neighborhood was placed on lockdown Friday night after, authorities said, several men attempted to rob a man who then turned the tables on his attackers. Two of the suspects were apprehended, and police believe two more remain on the loose.Thirty-eight Cuban migrants caught trying to sail to the U.S. are stranded aboard a U.S. Coast Guard vessel, waiting for permission from the Cuban government to return home. Thirty-eight Cuban migrants caught trying to sail to the U.S. are stranded aboard a U.S. Coast Guard vessel, waiting for permission from the Cuban government to return home, The Associated Press has learned.Fla. woman who fled to avoid son's circumcision still jailed Fla. woman who fled to avoid son's circumcision still jailed WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. -- A Florida woman who fled to avoid the circumcision of her son remained behind bars Friday while her attorney sought a restraining order against the boy's father to keep the surgery from proceeding. WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. -- A Florida woman who fled to avoid the circumcision of her son remained behind bars Friday while her attorney sought a restraining order against the boy's father to keep the surgery from proceeding.MIAMI -- Hundreds of cases are in question after a scandal within the Miami Beach Police department involving more than a dozen current and former officers accused of sending offensive e-mails. MIAMI -- Hundreds of cases are in question after a scandal within the Miami Beach Police department involving more than a dozen current and former officers accused of sending offensive e-mails.DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla. -- Authorities are searching for two women who, they said, sneaked into a Deerfield Beach office building, stole from five employees' purses while they were in a meeting and then went on a shopping spree with the victims' credit cards. DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla. -- Authorities are searching for two women who, they said, sneaked into a Deerfield Beach office building, stole from five employees' purses while they were in a meeting and then went on a shopping spree with the victims' credit cards.NORTH MIAMI BEACH, Fla. -- Police are searching for a pair of crooks who were caught on surveillance video footage breaking into a nail salon, only to gain access to a cell phone store next door. NORTH MIAMI BEACH, Fla. -- Police are searching for a pair of crooks who were caught on surveillance video footage breaking into a nail salon, only to gain access to a cell phone store next door.NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, Fla. -- The owner of a South Florida 7-Eleven has been arrested after fatally shooting his wife outside the store, according to Miami-Dade Police. NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, Fla. -- The owner of a South Florida 7-Eleven has been arrested after fatally shooting his wife outside the store, according to Miami-Dade Police.