Days after vanishing while flying between Vietnam and Malaysia, Flight MH370 is still missing and the whereabouts of the 239 men, women, and children aboard are unknown. Following is a look at the lives of some of the missing.Although they lived and went to school in Beijing, both Yan and Wattrelos are French citizens who list Paris as their “hometown” on Facebook. They were returning from a two-week vacation in Malaysia, along with Hadrien’s mother and younger sister, the Associated Press reports. Yan’s profile picture on Facebook is the two of them (above), and Wattrelos had recently posted another photo of them (below) with the caption “Je t’aime.”Paul Weeks, 39, was one of two New Zealand passengers on board the plane. In search of a better life, Weeks left Christchurch, New Zealand, and moved to Perth, Australia, in 2011 with his wife, Danica, and his two sons, the Sydney Morning Herald reported. He was headed to Mongolia to start a new job in the mining industry. ”He had just taken on a new role; that’s why he was heading to Mongolia,” Mr Weeks’ sister, Sara Weeks, told the Sydney Morning Herald. ”It was a really good job and he was going to be paid very well. He was excited and looking forward to getting started. It was going to set them up. When [his wife] kissed him goodbye she was hoping he would be back in a month.” The other passenger from New Zealand was Ximin Wang, 50.Philip Wood, 50, works at IBM and is from Texas. His mother, Sandra, told USA Today: “I know in my heart that Philip’s with God.” Philip Wood has been working in Beijing over the past two years and was in the final stages of transferring to work for IBM in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Wood is divorced with two sons, one who attends Texas A&M University and the other is an alumni of the same university. He was one of three Americans on board the Malaysia Airlines flight. The other Americans aboard were children: Nicole Meng, 4, and Yan Zhang, 2.Chandrika Sharma, 50, is the director of a Chennai, India, chapter of an organization that works with fishermen. She was on her way to Mongolia for a Food and Agriculture Organization conference. “There must still be hope,” one of her colleagues, Venogupal, told the AP. “She was friendly and very loveable, very industrious and astute. We will miss her.” Sharma’s daughter Meghana, a student in Delhi, arrived home on Sunday to be with her father, who was still in shock, the Times of India reported. “He is in a state of inconsolable grief. Yesterday he managed to stick to his routines. But he did not come out of the house on Sunday,” said a friend close to the family. “He promised that he would eat. Some close friends of theirs are also staying with them. They chose to avoid media, they are still hoping for the best.”The first officer, Fariq ab Hamid, is 27 and has been with Malaysia Airlines since 2007. Prior to Flight MH370, Hamid was transitioning to work on the Boeing 777-200, CNN reports. Hamid had also helped fly the plane from Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur, where he successfully landed it with the supervision of a senior pilot and a safety captain, according to CNN aviation correspondent Richard Quest, who was riding in the cockpit.Meng Gaosheng, 63, a famed Chinese calligrapher, was on his way to a calligraphic and painting exhibition in Malaysia, the AP reports. Gaosheng was traveling with 18 other artists, plus six family members and four staff. “I can only pray for a miracle,” said Daniel Liau, who organized the exhibit in Malaysia. “I feel very sad. Even though I knew them for a short time, they have become my friends,” Liau said. “All of them are very famous in China. Some of them are national-class artists while others are provincial-level artists.”Ch’ng Mei Ling, 33, is a Malaysian national who moved to the Pittsburgh suburbs last October to work as a process engineer for Flexsys America LP, a company that manufactures and supplies chemicals for the rubber industry, WPXI reports. A spokesperson for the company said that Ch’ng is “remembered fondly by her co-workers as being … pleasant and happy as well as well-respected.” The woman who sold Ch’ng the Pittsburg home said she is “a very accomplished young woman. I’m just devastated to hear she was on that flight.”