Two passengers on stolen passports aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 purchased their tickets from an Iranian middleman called Kazem Ali, according to a report by The Washington Times.The tickets were purchased through Grand Horizon, a travel agency in Pattaya, Thailand. Ali has been purchasing tickets for customers through the same travel agency for three years, agency owner Beanjaporn Krutnait confirmed. Buying tickets from middlemen who get a small commission from ticket sales is a common practice in the region.The flight to Beijing was supposed to connect the two passengers to another flight in Amsterdam, then separately to Copenhagen, Denmark and Frankfurt, Germany.The two men who purchased the tickets from Ali, both Iranian nationals, stayed with a friend in Kuala Lumpur prior to getting on the flight that would mysteriously disappear roughly an hour after takeoff. The said friend told BBC Persia that he knew one of them from school.The pair is said to have purchased the stolen passports with the hopes of settling and finding work in Europe, read a report from The Daily Mail. Two of the passengers aboard the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 were reportedly using stolen passports, various media outlets reported.Both passengers were apparently caught on surveillance cameras. Malaysia's head of Department of Civil Aviation, Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, told NBC News that officials have obtained a copy of the footage, which is now under investigation.Abdul Rahman told Bloomberg, “We have the CCTV recordings of those passengers from check-in right through the departure point. These records of CCTV are now being used for investigation of this matter.”The two passports reportedly belonged to Austrian Christian Kozel and Italian Luigi Maraldi, whose names appeared on the flight's passenger manifest but were not on the plane that mysteriously went missing on Saturday, AFP reports.Austrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Weiss confirmed to CNN that Kozel's passport was stolen two years ago, and that Kozel was home and safe.On the other hand, police authorities visited Maraldi's family in Italy. Maraldi's father confirmed that his son was on a holiday in Thailand. Authorities also confirmed that Maraldi's passport was stolen in Malaysia.Another report by CNN believes the two passengers who used the stolen Austrian and Italian passports most likely bought their tickets together through South China Airlines. The tickets were purchased in Thai Baht, with identical prices and consecutive ticket numbers. This was confirmed by Travelsky, China's official e-ticket verification system.Other than the two unidentified people traveling with the stolen passports, two more people on the said flight are under investigation for boarding the flight with fake IDs, Malaysia's transport and defense minister Hishamuddin Hussein confirmed in a report by The Guardian."All the four names are with me," Hussein told Reuters.Hussein added, in a recent update by the Mirror, "We will investigate the whole manifest."We will not only target the four people mentioned in the media but all those in the manifest.""Too soon to speculate"Deputy transport minister Datuk Aziz Kaprawi said that the possibility of foul play has not been ruled out and is "still under review."Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said, in response to terrorism speculations, "We are looking at all possibilities but it is too soon to speculate."US authorities, on the other hand, are also still uncertain on whether the plane's disappearance was due to a terrorist attack, although investigations are currently under way. "We have not determined a nexus to terrorism yet, although it's still very early and that's by no means definitive. We're still tracking the situation," a US official said.Tom Fuentes, a CNN law enforcement analyst and a former FBI assistant director was informed that only one of the two stolen passports (the Italian one) was on the Interpol database of stolen and missing passports.Fuentes raised concern over this, saying, "You wonder who was using it? What were their motives? Were they using it to check luggage in that matched the tickets, and maybe the luggage contained explosives? So, it's a great concern when people use false documents to board international aircraft."Former U.S. Department of Transportation Mary Schiavo added, "Even in the United states, we have a tremendous problem with our documentation, our driver's licenses."Everything can be forged and faked here. We certainly have a problem with that as well. But that's why you have the various checklists to check against and had they been identified as stolen passports ... there was a way to flag them in advance. That's what is disturbing, as it apparently wasn't checked."When asked about the stolen passports, however, Malaysia Airlines commercial director Hugh Dunleavy told AFP, "[The] airline itself cannot validate a passport. We just need to check that when we see a passport it doesn't look like it's been forged, and it's got a legitimate visa.""Airlines don't have access to national databases about passports, that would be a government investigation," Dunleavy continued.Schiavo, however, cannot help but seem suspicious of the fact that two people with stolen passports were on board, especially considering the flight's destination."It's rare that you have one stolen passport, much less two stolen passports on a flight. It's starting to look like more than a coincidence," Schiavo told CNN.She continued, "For a stolen passport, stolen two years ago -- these visas only last for a certain amount of time. So, did they (the authorities) not check? Did Beijing not clear or have to issue a visa? There are a lot of questions about these passports because the destination was Beijing."Colonel Richard Kemp, former army soldier and former Joint Intelligence Committee head of counter-terrorism, also refuses to rule out the terror angle, also citing the two stolen passports as good cause for suspicion."The possibility of this being a terror attack has to be seriously considered. Two passengers appeared to be travelling on stolen passports and there was no distress signal," Col. Kemp said, reported in a live update by the Mirror.Search and rescue efforts are still ongoing, as worried friends and relatives of the 239 passengers on board await news on the fate of their loved ones.