(03-11 20:02) The mysterious disappearance of a Beijing-bound Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 early Saturday with 239 people on board, most of them Chinese, was not likely caused by a terrorist attack, Interpol said today. The agency also revealed that two passengers had used stolen European passports. “The more information we get, the more we are inclined to conclude it was not a terrorist incident,'' Ronald K. Noble, head of Interpol said (pictured, center). Malaysian, authorities meanwhile, said they will investigate the psychological background of the plane’s crew.  Loss-making Malaysia Airlines is state-owned. One male passenger whose identity was revealed as an Iranian 19-year-old, had boarded the flight from Kuala Lumpur having got through Malaysian immigration checks using a passport stolen from Thailand, a hub for global criminal activity. Malaysian police said the Iranian teen had planned to enter Germany to seek asylum. "If you read what the head of police of Malaysia said recently about the 19-year-old... wanting to travel to Frankfurt, Germany in order to be with his mother, it is part of a human smuggling issue and not a part of a terrorist issue,'' Noble said.—AFP/AP       The mysterious disappearance of a Beijing-bound Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 early Saturday with 239 people on board, most of them Chinese, was not likely caused by a terrorist attack, Interpol said today.The agency also revealed that two passengers had used stolen European passports.“The more information we get, the more we are inclined to conclude it was not a terrorist incident,'' Ronald K. Noble, head of Interpol said (pictured, center).Malaysian, authorities meanwhile, said they will investigate the psychological background of the plane’s crew.Loss-making Malaysia Airlines is state-owned.One male passenger whose identity was revealed as an Iranian 19-year-old, had boarded the flight from Kuala Lumpur having got through Malaysian immigration checks using a passport stolen from Thailand, a hub for global criminal activity.Malaysian police said the Iranian teen had planned to enter Germany to seek asylum."If you read what the head of police of Malaysia said recently about the 19-year-old... wanting to travel to Frankfurt, Germany in order to be with his mother, it is part of a human smuggling issue and not a part of a terrorist issue,'' Noble said.—AFP/AP