Kuala Lumpur: Even though reports came in on Tuesday that the ill-fated Malaysia Airlines jet had been traced to the Strait of Malacca by Malaysia`s military, the fact is that there is still very little clue as to what has exactly happened to the plane. It has perplexed everyone around the world. Surely, a huge Airbus with 239 people on board cannot simply vanish into thin air.The plane lost all contact with air traffic system over the South China Sea on Friday one hour after taking off from Kuala Lumpur. A massive search operation has been undertaken to track the plane but it has resulted in very few leads. At least 40 ships and 34 aircraft are taking part in the search in the seas off Vietnam and Malaysia.Search teams from Australia, China, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam, Philippines, New Zealand and the United States of America are assisting the operation. Apart from the South China Sea, the search has also been extended to Gulf of Thailand. What has surprised many is that there was no distress call from the flight. The weather too was said to be fine when the plane lost all contact. However, as per experts when there is an emergency, the pilot and the crew divert all their energy in maintaining control of the plane and may not have time to make a distress call. After all a radio call to the ground staff may not yield much result.If one were to go back in history, then parallels can be drawn with Air France 447, an Airbus A330 that crashed in the ocean north of Brazil in June 2009. The flight which was from on its way from Brazil to Paris, disappeared into an area beyond radar coverage. It was also a state-of-the-art plane, a Boeing 777 with good safety record, much like Malaysia Airlines. It was said that Air France suffered onboard faults that were transmitted to the airline`s headquarters during its final minutes.The crash, which killed all 288 people on board was said to have happened because of ice buildup, mechanical failure and pilot error, among other things. It also had a run in with thunderstorms. The report said that the pilots were not trained enough to fly manually during a high-altitude stall. The French flight`s search-and-rescue operations located the debris weeks after the crash. And it took almost two years to find the main wreckage and the black boxes. These were found in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.While it has been a painful past few days for the relatives and friends of those who were on the Malaysia Airlines, including five Indians, the recovery of the flight data and cockpit voice recorders will be key in determining as to what exactly happened to the plane.Flight data recorders is said to contain data from more than 1,000 aircraft parameters. These parameters include altitude, vertical speed, airspeed, control positions, among others. These are captured several times per second. The cockpit voice recorder has a record of last hours of cockpit voices and sounds. It also has all radio and onboard inter-airplane communications.If the plane has crashed then the debris on being located is examined threadbare gives an insight as what was the plane`s condition when crashing and at what angle it hit the ground or the ocean. Or whether, it disintegrated mid air as some of the earlier reports suggested regarding the Malaysia Airlines.Meanwhile, the international police agency Interpol said today, as reported by Reuters, that it did not believe that the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines plane was the result of a terrorist attack. Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble also suggested that two men who boarded using stolen passports and had aroused suspicion may have been smuggled by traffickers, Reuters reported.