A combination photo shows two men whom police said were traveling on stolen passports onboard the Malaysia Airlines MH370 plane, taken before their departure at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Interpol named the two as Pouri Nour Mohammadi, 18, who was booked to fly to Germany, and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza, 29, whose final destination appeared to be Denmark. – ReutersKUALA LUMPUR – Two suspect men who flew on a missing Malaysian airliner appear to have been Iranian illegal immigrants, officials said Tuesday, lessening fears of terrorism but doing little to unlock the agonizing riddle of what has befallen the plane’s 239 passengers and crew.  On the fourth day of a multinational search at sea and on land, relatives desperate for news of loved ones aboard Malaysia Airlines MH370 said their hopes for a miracle were ebbing away.  The identities of two men who had boarded the flight using stolen European passports were revealed, suggesting they were young Iranian migrants seeking a new life overseas.  Interpol named the two as Pouri Nour Mohammadi, 18, who was booked to fly on to Germany, and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza, 29, whose final destination appeared to be Denmark.  “The more information we get, the more we are inclined to conclude it was not a terrorist incident,” Interpol chief Ronald K. Noble told reporters in France.  Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said the younger man appeared to be an illegal immigrant. His mother was waiting for him in Frankfurt and had been in contact with authorities, he said.  “We believe he is not likely to be a member of any terrorist group, and we believe he was trying to migrate to Germany,” Khalid said.  Both men entered Malaysia on Feb 28, at least one from Phuket, in Thailand, eight days before boarding the flight to Beijing, Malaysian immigration chief Aloyah Mamat told the news conference.   Meanwhile, the vastness of the plane search zone reflects authorities’ bafflement over the plane’s disappearance.   The operation has grown to involve 42 ships and 35 aircraft from Southeast Asian countries, Australia, China, New Zealand and the United States.  Malaysia's military believes the jetliner turned and flew hundreds of kilometers to the west after it last made contact with civilian air traffic control off the country’s east coast, a senior officer told Reuters on Tuesday.  “It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude. It made it into the Malacca Strait,” the senior military officer, who has been briefed on investigations, said.  That would appear to rule out sudden catastrophic mechanical failure, as it would mean the plane flew around 500 km (350 miles) at least after its last contact with air traffic control, although its transponder and other tracking systems were off.  – Agencies