KUALA LUMPUR: Authorities looking for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane have expanded their search on land and sea. Malaysia Airlines has revealed that the western coast of the country near the Straits of Malacca was now the focus of the search.The western coast, is on the other side of peninsular Malaysia from where the flight 370 was reported missing. Although, Azharuddin Abdul Rahma, the Civil aviation chief said the statement did not mean the authorities believe the plane was off the western coast as the search continues on both sides.Crew and passengers from at least 14 countries were on board. Malaysia, the Philippines, US, China, Singapore and Australia have sent their ships and planes to the search area.The Boeing 777 was en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur and had a total of 239 people on board when the air traffic lost control of it and it vanished off radar screens mysteriously, generating a massive international search for it.The search first began at the point the plane was last known to be, a site in the seas between Malaysia and Vietnam. As there was no sign of debris, the search was expanded systematically to include areas where the plane could have landed given the amount of fuel it had.Reports also say that the plane might have tried to turn back to Kuala Lumpur. Malaysia’s air force chief claimed that there were signs on military radar which might indicate a U-turn. Vietnamese People’s Army’s deputy chief of staff, Lt.-Gen. Vo Van Tuan, said authorities on land has been ordered to search for the plane which could have crashed into mountains or an uninhabited jungle.As per experts, possible causes of the missing jet may include an explosion, engine failure, high turbulence, pilot error or even suicide.Two of the passengers traveling has passports stolen in Thailand and had tickets to Europe too, but it is yet to be established if the two men had anything to do with the flight’s disappearance. Criminals and illegal migrants usually travel on fake or stolen documents. Thai police believe that the two men were not terrorists but asylum seekers.The operations and safety editor at Flight global media, David Learmount, said the aircraft was very reliable and there cannot be any sudden structural failure in the flight.The relatives of the passengers in the flight are angry and in despair over the missing flight. At first it was shock that engulfed them. Then they have moved from hope to despair. By the third day, the predominant emotion was anger.Gathered at a hotel in northeast Beijing, many still resent the Malaysia Airlines for sending no one to explain anything during the initial 15 hours. They blamed the Chinese government for not even coming to meet with them until three days after the crisis.Around 100 of them signed a petition asking for answers and government assistance. Representatives selected from each family brought their protests to the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing. When the Malaysia Airlines officials returned for a briefing with nothing more to offer after three days, furious at them, some relatives threw water bottles.The vice director of China’s civil aviation air safety assuaged the crowd that he felt the same as they and had not slept for two days. The official said that they were still searching and there was no evidence that the plane had an accident.An official reassured the families that they had seen their petition.On the first day, the families of the passengers were kept in a conference area at the Lido Hotel, Beijing. They were separated from the media scrum outside. Malaysia Airlines send professionals to counsel and support the families over the weekend. Anticipating anger from the families, the Chinese government had also sent police and hotel staff to keep order.Before the first meeting of Malaysia Airlines officials with the families, the police entered first and tried to calm them. The officials also removed the chairs so that they might not be thrown at them. The move, however, backfired sparking anger among elderly relatives who were forced to stand. When officials finally addressed them, they had no details to offer. In the absence of any proper information the hotel became a place of out of control rumor. Conspiracy theories and morbid calculation of survival grew ever darker as the days went on.