Malaysian authorities have previously said flight MH370 disappeared about an hour after it took off from Kuala Lumpur for the Chinese capital Beijing.   At the time it was roughly midway between Malaysia’s east coast town of Kota Bharu and the southern tip of Vietnam, flying at 10,670 metres.   “It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude. It made it into the Malacca Strait,” the military official, who has been briefed on investigations, said.   Earlier on Tuesday, Malaysia’s Berita Harian newspaper quoted air force chief Rodzali Daud as saying the Malaysia Airlines plane was last detected by military radar at 2.40am on Saturday, near the island of Pulau Perak at the northern end of the Strait of Malacca. It was flying at a height of about 9,000 metres, he was quoted as saying.   “The last time the flight was detected close to Pulau Perak, in the Melaka Straits, at 2.40am by the control tower before the signal was lost,” the paper quoted Rodzali as saying.   Malaysia has extended the massive search operation for the plane to the Malacca Strait after initially focusing on the South China Sea.   Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble on Tuesday suggested that two men who boarded using stolen passports and had aroused suspicion may have been smuggled by traffickers.   “The more information we get, the more we are inclined to conclude it is not a terrorist incident,” Noble told a news conference.   Two Iranian passport holders aged 18 and 29, who started their trip in Doha, had swapped their passports in Kuala Lumpur and used stolen Italian and Austrian passports to board the airliner, he told reporters at Interpol’s headquarters in Lyon. “We know that once these individuals arrived in Kuala Lumpur on the 28th of February they boarded Flight 370 using different identities, a stolen Austrian and a stolen Italian passport,” he said.   Police in Thailand, where the passports were stolen and the tickets used by the two men carrying them were booked, said on Tuesday they did not think they were linked to the disappearance of the plane.   “We haven’t ruled it out, but the weight of evidence we’re getting swings against the idea that these men are or were involved in terrorism,” chief of police in the Pattaya, said.   China has deployed 10 satellites using high-resolution earth imaging capabilities, visible light imaging and other technologies to “support and assist in the search and rescue operations”, the People’s Liberation Army Daily said on Tuesday.   Malaysia is also investigating whether any passengers or crew aboard a missing airliner had personal or psychological problems that might explain its disappearance, along with the possibility of a hijack, sabotage or mechanical failure, police said on Tuesday.   “There is no evidence to suggest an act of terror,” said a European security source, who added that there was also “no explanation what has happened to it or where it is”.   KUALA LUMPUR The Malaysian military believes an airliner missing for almost four days with 239 people on board flew for more than an hour after vanishing from air traffic control screens, changing course and travelling west over the Strait of Malacca, a senior military source said, even as Interpol said it does not believe the disappearance of a jet was the result of a terrorist attack.Malaysian authorities have previously said flight MH370 disappeared about an hour after it took off from Kuala Lumpur for the Chinese capital Beijing.At the time it was roughly midway between Malaysia’s east coast town of Kota Bharu and the southern tip of Vietnam, flying at 10,670 metres.“It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude. It made it into the Malacca Strait,” the military official, who has been briefed on investigations, said.Earlier on Tuesday, Malaysia’s Berita Harian newspaper quoted air force chief Rodzali Daud as saying the Malaysia Airlines plane was last detected by military radar at 2.40am on Saturday, near the island of Pulau Perak at the northern end of the Strait of Malacca. It was flying at a height of about 9,000 metres, he was quoted as saying.“The last time the flight was detected close to Pulau Perak, in the Melaka Straits, at 2.40am by the control tower before the signal was lost,” the paper quoted Rodzali as saying.Malaysia has extended the massive search operation for the plane to the Malacca Strait after initially focusing on the South China Sea.Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble on Tuesday suggested that two men who boarded using stolen passports and had aroused suspicion may have been smuggled by traffickers.“The more information we get, the more we are inclined to conclude it is not a terrorist incident,” Noble told a news conference.Two Iranian passport holders aged 18 and 29, who started their trip in Doha, had swapped their passports in Kuala Lumpur and used stolen Italian and Austrian passports to board the airliner, he told reporters at Interpol’s headquarters in Lyon. “We know that once these individuals arrived in Kuala Lumpur on the 28th of February they boarded Flight 370 using different identities, a stolen Austrian and a stolen Italian passport,” he said.Police in Thailand, where the passports were stolen and the tickets used by the two men carrying them were booked, said on Tuesday they did not think they were linked to the disappearance of the plane.“We haven’t ruled it out, but the weight of evidence we’re getting swings against the idea that these men are or were involved in terrorism,” chief of police in the Pattaya, said.China has deployed 10 satellites using high-resolution earth imaging capabilities, visible light imaging and other technologies to “support and assist in the search and rescue operations”, the People’s Liberation Army Daily said on Tuesday.Malaysia is also investigating whether any passengers or crew aboard a missing airliner had personal or psychological problems that might explain its disappearance, along with the possibility of a hijack, sabotage or mechanical failure, police said on Tuesday.“There is no evidence to suggest an act of terror,” said a European security source, who added that there was also “no explanation what has happened to it or where it is”.