A reflection of military officer Duong Van Lanh is seen from instrument panels as he works onboard a Vietnamese airforce AN-26 during a mission to find the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 off Tho Chu islands. Kham / Reuters March 11A relative of passengers on missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 questions an aid worker from Malaysia at restaurant in a hotel in Beijing. Relatives of Chinese passengers on Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were still clutching to faint straws of hope for their loved ones, four days after the aircraft went missing. Wang Zhao / AFP Photo March 11An Indonesia air force officer shows a map of Malacca Straits during a briefing prior to a search operation for the missing Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777, at Suwondo air base in Medan, North Sumatra. Binsar Bakkara / AP Photo March 11A military official works inside a flying Soviet-made AN-26 of the Vietnam Air Force during search and rescue (SAR) operations. Luong Thai Linh / EPA March 11A vessel is seen from an airborne AN-26 of the Vietnam Air Force. Luong Thai Linh / EPA March 11A man looks out a window during search and rescue (SAR) operations for a missing Malaysian Airlines flight, off Vietnam’s coast. Luong Thai Linh / EPA March 11Vietnamese officers discuss a mission brief to find the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 at Phu Quoc Airport on Phu Quoc Island. Athit Perawongmetha / Reuters March 11A US Navy SH-60R Seahawk helicopter lands on the destroyer USS Pinckney in the Gulf of Thailand. US Navy / Handout via Reuters March 11‘There is no time frame in the search operations,’ said Malaysia’s aviation chief, Azharuddin Abdul Rahman. The search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, which went missing on 08 March 2014 with 239 people on board, has brought together nearly 100 vessels and aircraft from eight countries in Asia and the Pacific. Luong Thai Linh / EPA March 11The massive search has drawn in navies, military aircraft, coastguard and civilian vessels from 10 nations, but failed to turn up any trace of the Boeing 777-200ER that vanished about an hour into a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing early on Saturday. Reuters / KhamA Malaysian mourner holds a candle during a vigil for missing Malaysia Airlines passengers at the Independence Square in Kuala Lumpur. Manan Vatsyayana / AFP Photo MANAN VATSYAYANA March 10