'Alright, good night', were the last words heard from missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 - moments before air traffic controllers lost all contact with the Boeing 777, which then seemingly vanished.The calmness of the exchange between Malaysian air traffic controllers and the cockpit just before 1.20 am is in stark contrast to the air of intensifying confusion and increasingly contradictory statements coming from Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday.More than four days after the jet disappeared on a routine flight to Beijing, the nation's authorities admitted they simply do not know which direction the plane and its 239 passengers were heading when it disappeared and they have no idea where exactly to look.Indeed, on Wednesday morning Malaysia's air force chief denied saying military radar tracked a missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner over the Strait of Malacca - an hour’s flight from the plane’s last contact with air traffic control and far from its flight path from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.'I wish to state that I did not make any such statements,' Rodzali said in a statement on Wednesday.The air force chief said he had merely repeated that military radar tracking suggested the plane might have turned back.However, despite his denial, the search has been extended westwards and a senior military officer that the aircraft had made a detour to the west after communications with civilian authorities ended.'It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude. It made it into the Malacca Strait,' the officer said.But a spokesman for the Malaysian prime minister's office said on Wednesday he had not been informed by the military of evidence showing the plane had recrossed the Malay Peninsula to reach the Malacca Strait.'The people I checked with were not aware of that,' spokesman Tengku Sariffuddin Tengku Ahmad told Reuters.The final conversation between between flight MH370 and Malaysian air traffic controllers took place just before they handed over to Vietnamese controllers in Ho Chi Minh city early on Saturday morning.That seems to be the only fact that anyone can agree on in the deepening mystery as Malaysia's civil and military aviation authorities seemed to indicate the plane may have turned back from its original route toward Vietnam, possibly as far as the Strait of Malacca on the eastern side of the country.How it might have done this without being clearly detected remained a mystery, raising questions over whether its electrical systems were either knocked out or turned off - amid suggestions someone in the cockpit turned off its tracking device.If it did manage to fly on, it would challenge earlier theories that the plane may have suffered a catastrophic incident, initially thought reasonable because it didn't send out any distress signals.And the air of confusion deepened on Wednesday when authorities said the hunt for the missing plane shifted further west.Malaysian civil aviation chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman said ships and planes were now also searching in the southern part of the Andaman Sea.'Yes, above Sumatra is the Andaman Sea,' he told AFP, when asked to confirm whether assets were being deployed in the Andaman Sea. 'It's a very big area to cover... We are not going to leave any chance. We have to look at every possibility.'It is possible that the radar readings are not definitive or subject to interpretation, especially if a plane is malfunctioning.'There is a possibility of an air turn back. We are still investigating and looking at the radar readings,' said Azharuddin Abdul Rahman on Wednesday.The Strait of Malacca that separates Malaysia from Indonesia's Sumatra Island is some 250 miles from where the plane was last known to have made contact with ground control officials over the Gulf of Thailand at a height of 35,000 feet early on Saturday.Adding to the confusion, Indonesia air force Col. Umar Fathur said the country had received official information from Malaysian authorities that the plane was above the South China Sea, about 10 nautical miles from Kota Bharu, Malaysia, when it turned back toward the strait and then disappeared. That would place its last confirmed position closer to Malaysia than has previously been publicly disclosed.Fathur said Malaysian authorities have determined four blocks to be searched in the strait, which Indonesia was assisting in.Vietnam continued to search for the plane on land and sea. In its area of responsibility, some 22 aircraft and 31 ships from several countries were involved, according to Lt. Gen. Vo Van Tuan, deputy chief of staff of Vietnamese People's Army.Experts said last night that if the Malaysia Airlines aircraft’s transponder had been turned off, it would make the plane invisible to the control tower’s radar.In a comment that could be related to a problem in the cockpit – where Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, 53, and Fariq Abdul Hamid, 27, were at the controls – Malaysia police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said detectives were checking if any passengers or crew members had any psychological issues.With theories abounding yesterday, from foul play to a catastrophic mechanical problem, CIA director John Brennan issued a rare public statement saying terrorism could not be ruled out.The fruitless four-day search in the baffling and unprecedented disappearance of the 200-ton aircraft has resulted in frustrated relatives of the mostly Chinese passengers on the jet throwing bottles of water at Malaysian officials in Beijing as they refused to listen to ‘any more lies and excuses’.The Chinese government urged the Malaysians to work harder at finding the jet – and sent, without invitation, three officials to Kuala Lumpur to establish what was being done behind the scenes.Embarrassed Malaysian officials insisted that everything humanly possible was being done and pointed to the fact that ships and planes from nine nations were involved in the search for the aircraft in the South China Sea, a 300-mile stretch of water between Malaysia and the southern tip of Vietnam.The massive search began in the South China Sea on Saturday after the aircraft disappeared, but Malaysia’s military now says the jet changed course near Kota Bharu, on the north-east edge of the country, and took a lower altitude towards the west, flying across 150 miles of land to the Malacca Strait.Aviation experts are divided on the military’s claim.While some say the crew would have had plenty of time to alert air traffic control that they were changing course, others say a catastrophic and sudden event could have resulted in the pilot and others at the controls being rendered unconscious.This could have left the aircraft flying on auto-pilot, resulting in it eventually running out of fuel and crashing.A businessman and a fisherman living in north-west Malaysia, close to the border with Thailand, have told of seeing a bright light in the sky, lower than other aircraft using that route, at about the same time that all data information from the jet ceased in the early hours of Saturday.If the jet had turned back to the Straits of Malacca, as the military now believe, its route would have taken it away from the South China Sea and across jungle and farmland before reaching the Straits on the west side of the country.The Straits of Malacca is one of the busiest sea routes in the world and it is astonishing that if the aircraft had gone down in that stretch of water, that no ship has reported seeing it.As the search continued, police all but dismissed speculation that two Iranian-born passengers who had boarded the flight with passports stolen in Thailand were linked to terrorism.Releasing photos of the two passengers, Inspector Bakar said his detectives were working on four areas of investigation – sabotage, hijack, a psychological issue with a crew member or passenger, or a ‘historical problem’ with a crew member or passenger.When pressed about what he meant about psychological problems, the police chief said: ‘Maybe somebody on the flight has bought a huge sum of insurance, who wants family to gain from it or somebody who has owed somebody so much money . . . we are looking at all possibilities.’Investigators looking into the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines jetliner face an extremely rare challenge that could hinder their efforts: they lack the powers of a formal air safety investigation. Four days after Flight MH370 went missing in mid-air with 239 people on board, no nation has stepped forward to initiate and lead an official probe, leaving a formal leadership vacuum that industry experts say appears unprecedented. Malaysian officials are conducting their own informal investigations, in cooperation with other governments and foreign agencies, but they lack the legal powers that would come with a formal international probe under U.N.-sanctioned rules.Those powers include the legal rights to take testimony from all witnesses and other parties, the right to have exclusive control over the release of information and the ability to centralise a vast amount of fragmentary evidence. A senior official familiar with the preliminary Malaysian probe told Reuters that Malaysian authorities could not yet convene a formal investigation due to a lack of evidence on where - namely, in which national jurisdiction - the Boeing 777-200ER jet crashed. He said this was not hampering their work, that preliminary investigations had begun and that they were working with their neighbours, U.S. officials and the jet's maker, Boeing. The Malaysians have begun collecting information from neighbouring countries without any problems, including air-traffic control communications and radar data, he said. But Southeast Asian waters are rife with territorial disputes, and any decision by Malaysia to unilaterally open a formal investigation under U.N. rules could be seen as a subtle assertion of sovereignty if the crash site turns out to be inside another country's territory. Without a formal investigative process being convened quickly under rules set out by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), a U.N. agency, there is a risk that crucial early detective work could be hampered, and potential clues and records lost, air accident experts said.Witnesses such as cargo handlers, mechanics and company officials might be reluctant to speak to Malaysian investigators who were operating outside a formal ICAO-sanctioned probe which could offer them some protection from law suits, experts said. 'The sole objective of an accident investigation is to prevent future accidents and not to apportion blame or liability,' said aviation lawyer Simon Phippard of international legal firm Bird & Bird. 'The international standards attempt to provide a degree of protection, for example from criminal prosecution, for individuals who give statements to the enquiry.' The lack of a formal investigation also means Malaysia does not have exclusive control over the release of information or the ability to centralize fragmentary evidence such as wreckage parts and witness accounts, effectively relying for cooperation on other parties' good-will, the experts said. U.S. investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), FAA and Boeing arrived in Kuala Lumpur on Monday and, according to the official familiar with the Malaysian probe, have been talking with the Malaysian investigators.An NTSB-led team, including the FAA and Boeing officials, is 'standing by for when the aircraft is located and they are in touch with Malaysian officials and have offered our assistance and support for anything they may need,' NTSB spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said. The official familiar with the preliminary Malaysian investigation said the Malaysian government could not launch a formal probe until the crash site had been found, and that it planned to work closely with U.S. authorities and Australia. Under U.N. rules, if a plane crashes in international waters, the country where the aircraft is registered - in this case, Malaysia - is in charge of the investigation. So, for example, Air France quickly took control of the official investigation when its passenger jet crashed in waters far out into the Atlantic Ocean in 2009, even though no wreckage had yet been found. Vietnam would have jurisdiction if the plane crashed in its territory, but it does not have the resources to lead an investigation and would likely have to get outside help, two regional aviation officials said.Endless theories are swirling about what became of Flight MH370. Here, GUY WALTERS offers answers to the questions everyone’s asking...1. How could there be reports from relatives that some of the passengers’ phones are still ringing?If the phones are ringing, that could mean they are on land and near a mobile cell site. If that is the case, it seems bizarre nobody noticed the plane land or crash.However, experts doubt the phones are ringing. If you call someone whose phone has no charge, it sounds as though the phone is ringing, before you go through to the voicemail.2. One theory says the plane was escorted to a secret location by Vietnamese fighter jets. Could that happen? The Boeing 777 is a large aeroplane – 242ft long, with a 200ft wingspan. It’s difficult for an aircraft of that size to land somewhere unusual without people spotting it.‘A 777 needs a runway that is a good 2,000m (2,180 yards) long,’ says Robin Durie, an experienced commercial pilot.‘You don’t just land a plane like that in a clearing in the jungle.’3. Why is the ‘black box’ not revealing the plane’s location?The black box, or flight data recorder, stores much of the information about the flight, including the conversations of the pilots.The boxes are almost indestructible, and resilient to impact and heat.After a plane has crashed, the black box transmits a homing beacon, but the range is only 2,000 or 3,000 yards, and even less if it is deep underwater.‘A device such as a black box doesn’t make the aircraft safer,’ says Mr Durie. ‘They just tell you where its wreckage is. But airlines are very reluctant to add numerous pieces of technology, as they are expensive to buy and maintain.’There has recently been discussion within the industry about the possibility of sending data from aircraft during their flights to a remote server, thereby negating the need for a black box, but this is regarded as being too expensive.4. Why can no debris or wreckage be found? It seems inconceivable that an aircraft of this size could leave no trace.‘I find that very odd as well,’ says Mr Durie. ‘Aeroplanes are not just made from metal, and there are lots of parts of them, such as seats and luggage, that can float.‘Even after the Air France crash over the Atlantic in June 2009, a whole piece of rudder was found on the water.’However, Mr Durie also cites the example of the 2005 crash of Helios Airways Flight 522, which flew on its own for almost three hours after the crew members were incapacitated by a lack of oxygen. It crashed near Athens, killing all on board.With several hours of fuel, it is possible that MH370 crashed hundreds of miles away from its last known location.5. Are there areas of the world where a plane can just ‘slip off the radar’?Plenty. Tracts of Africa, much of the interior of Russia, jungles in Malaysia, for example.Modern airliners use transponders, which transmit a unique four-digit code that is identified with the flight. It is these codes that are picked up by air traffic controllers and used to locate the aircraft.If the transponder stops transmitting – either because it is turned off or as the result of a sudden, catastrophic incident – then over many parts of the globe, the plane would be invisible to air traffic controllers.6. Why was no distress signal sent?‘If you have some form of emergency, then the first thing the pilot does is to change the transponder code,’ says Mr Durie. ‘If you change your code to 7500, that means you have been hijacked.‘Back at Air Traffic Control, a big red box appears around your flight, and people take notice very quickly.’In the event of a serious malfunction, the code changes to 7600, and in a Mayday situation, to 7700.Changing the code is as quick as entering your PIN on a cash machine.‘The fact that the transponder code didn’t change suggests to me that whatever happened, happened really quickly,’ says Mr Durie. ‘This might mean an explosion.’7. A pilot on another aircraft claims to have made contact with MH370 shortly before it went missing – but all he heard was mumbling. What could this mean?'All pilots have frequencies that we use to chat on,’ says Mr Durie. ‘Often this is company traffic, when crew from the same carrier are simply talking to each other.‘Technically, it’s not legal, but the practice is widespread and many pilots tune into the easy-to-remember VHF band of 123.45.’If another pilot heard some mumbling, it is possible that it was chat coming from another pilot on the same frequency. However, it could have been a crew member from MH370.‘The mumbling suggests to me that the pilot was passing out from a lack of oxygen,’ says Mr Durie, ‘which could mean that the aircraft had suffered an explosive decompression, such as a window popping out, or a small hole appearing in the fuselage.’8. Would it be possible for a deranged or psychotic passenger to seize control and cause a disaster?  The door to the cockpit is locked, and can be opened only from the inside. However, large airliners carry an axe in a secret location in one of the galleys.A fanatic who found the axe could break into the cockpit, but it is unlikely the axe could be found without the knowledge of the cabin crew.9. Could the pilot have hijacked or deliberately crashed the aircraft?Pilots have been known to hijack their own planes. One theory behind the crash of EgyptAir Flight 990 into the Atlantic in 1999 is that the Relief First Officer wanted to commit suicide.‘A pilot can turn off his transponder, thereby making his plane invisible to Air Traffic Control,’ says Mr Durie.‘Then, if he takes control of the cockpit, he can fly where he wants – either somewhere to seek asylum, or horribly, to kill himself and all on board.’10. Reports suggest that radar showed the aircraft descending rapidly and possibly turning before it disappeared. Can a pilot simply turn around in the event of problems?In theory, pilots are not permitted to simply turn their aircraft around. The globe is criss-crossed with air routes, which are like motorways,  and are strictly policed by Air Traffic Control.However, in the event of an emergency, a pilot is entitled to change direction, especially if he is losing altitude and threatening to cross through other routes beneath him.Mr Durie said: ‘The usual procedure is to turn 90 degrees, and to get out of the airway – almost like pulling on to the hard shoulder – and to inform Air Traffic Control that you are in jeopardy.’10. If the flight was downed by an explosion, why wasn’t it captured on film by a US satellite?Not even the United States has the capability to record what happens everywhere in the world all the time.