Searching efforts to find the missing Malaysia Airlines plane - Boeing -777, which disappeared from the radars while flying over the South China Sea a few days ago, are continuing. Taking part in the search-and –rescue operation are 40 ships and 34 jets staying in the disposal of the military and rescue services of more than 11 countries, and besides, orbital satellites.The search operation has entered the 4th day but the chances to discover the missing Boeing are decreasing fast. The plane disappeared from the radars just all of a sudden, and the air traffic controllers received neither a report about an emergency situation nor a SOS signal. Such circumstance offer proof that an explosion might have occurred on board the airliner and thus, it may happen that the plane debris will never be found, Magomed Tolboyev, an honoured test pilot and the Hero of Russia says."The point is that when an aircraft crashes into the sea from a big height, it usually goes to pieces. Another factor that should be taken into consideration is the fact that depth currents are very strong there . Taking into account the fact that the air traffic controllers received no report from the crew and the contact with the plane was suddenly interrupted, there is reason to believe that an emergency situation emerged on board the ship- most likely, an explosion occurred there. Otherwise, the crew would have informed the relevant services about what was happening on board," he adds.President of the International Counter Terror Association Iosif Linder, an expert on international terrorism, also supports the version of the explosion, saying:"While conducting an investigation into a plane crash caused by similar circumstances, an expert usually analyses several versions including such as an intentional seizure of a plane as a form of terrorist attack, unpredictable natural circumstances, and of course the man-made disaster factor."Linder does not believe though that the crash of the airliner was caused by a terrorist attack. According to him, extremist groups usually claim responsibility following a terrorist attack. However, nothing like that happened in the case of the missing Malaysian Airlines jet. And one more circumstance here. There were two Iranian citizens with fake passports among the passengers. Most likely, these were illegal migrants who least of all were interested in aircraft hijacking or in an explosion on board.- Malaysian Airlines jet may have disintegrated in the air - source