Kuala Lumpur, Mar 15 (IBNS): Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak on Saturday said the missing flight MH370's communications systems were deliberately disabled by someone who was present in it.  "Based on new satellite info,we can say w/ a high degree of certainty tt d Aircraft Communications Addressing&Reporting System(ACARS..was disabled just before the aircraft reached the East coast of peninsular Malaysia...Shortly afterwards, near the border between Malaysian and Vietnamese air traffic control, the aircraft’s transponder was switched off...From this point onwards, the Royal Malaysian Air Force primary radar showed that an aircraft which was believed. But not confirmed – to be MH370 did indeed turn back," Razak said in a statement as posted on his official Twitter homepage.  "It then flew in a westerly direction back over peninsular Malaysia before turning northwest.Up until d point at which it left military primary radar coverage,these movements r consistent w deliberate action by some1 on d plane.Today, based on raw satellite data that was obtained from the satellite data service provider, we can confirm that the aircraft shown in the primary radar data was flight MH370," he said.  He said the last confirmed communication between the plane and the satellite took place on Mar 8 at 8:11am local time.  "According 2 d new data,the last confirmed communication between the plane&the satellite ws at 8:11AM Msian time on Saturday 8th March," the PM said.  "However, based on this new data, the aviation authorities of Malaysia and their international counterparts have determined that the plane’s last communication with the satellite was in one of two possible corridors a northern corridor stretching approximately from the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan to northern Thailand, or a southern corridor stretching approximately from Indonesia to the southern Indian ocean," he said.  Razak said investigators are trying to find the reason behind the flight's deviation from its original path.  "Despite media reports that the plane was hijacked, I wish to be very clear- We are still investigating all possibilities as to what caused MH370 to deviate from its original flight path," he said.  Razak said the search efforts in the South China Sea had been ended.  "We are ending our operations in the South China Sea and reassessing the redeployment of our assets," he said.  He said the search for the flight has entered a new phase.  India , meanwhile, continued its search for the Malaysian Airlines (MAS) aircraft.  "As the Search and Rescue operations of the multinational air, sea and space resources entered the eighth day, the Indian Defence Forces are continuing the mission to hunt for the missing Malaysian Airliner. Earlier in the day, Lt Gen Ravi Dastane, Deputy Chief of Integrated Defence Staff (Operations) interacted with his counterpart from the Royal Malaysian Armed Forces to coordinate these operations," India's Ministry of Defence said in a statement on Saturday.  The Ministry said a very high level of integration and cooperation has been achieved between the Indian Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard and the forces of the other participating countries.   "Resources from Eastern Naval Command, Southern Air Command apart from Andaman and Nicobar Command have been deployed for the Search and Rescue," it said.  The Ministry said: "Today the P8I Maritime surveillance aircraft of the Navy and C-130 of Air Force conducted search of Andaman Sea upto Myanmar and Bay of Bengal respectively. Both these aircraft are fitted with state of art onboard sensors and radars ideal for such missions. While the Naval warships INS Saryu and INS Kesri are conducting search of the designated areas, two Coast Guard Patrol Vessels, two Naval Dorniers and one Coast Guard Dornier have also been launched to look for the missing aircraft in areas adjacent to Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Earlier one Dornier each from Navy and Coast Guard of the Eastern Naval Command conducted search sorties from mainland in Bay of Bengal."  "The overall coordination of the operation is being steered from the Maritime Operations Centre of Naval HQ at Delhi, Lt Gen Anil Chait, Chief of Integrated Defence Staff is involved in coordinating the allocation of resources to various commands based," it said.  The aircraft, which is carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew, went missing over the South China Sea since Mar 8.  It was going from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.   To Post Your Comment On This Article Click There are no comments on this News.