Plea to string of countries from Kazakhstan to Australia for help in missing jetliner mystery The communications systems of missing plane were deliberately turned off, the Malaysian PM told a press conference on Saturday.  Search covers a very wide area - from central Asia to the southern Indian Ocean with authorities in Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, China, Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Australia and France an the hunt for clues as to the fate of the missing jetliner. with authorities in Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, China, Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Australia and France an the hunt for clues as to the fate of the missing jetliner.  Investigators are focusing on trying to obtain the radar data from any of the countries that flight MH370 may have passed over, reports the BBC reported. However, Indian military authorities have dismissed the possibility that the flight could have flown over India on its way to Kazakhstan-Turkmenistan in Central Asia, thereported. "If the jetliner had tried to cross the Indian mainland, our primary radars (which bounce radio signals off targets) would have picked it up despite its transponders being switched off (secondary radars beam signals that request information from a plane's transponders)," said a top Indian Air Force (IAF) officer - Meanwhile, Malaysian police have searched the homes of the pilots of the Malaysia Airlines plane that vanished last week ago with 239 people on board.  The police are also reportedly looking at family life and psychological state of pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah, 53, and co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid, 27. with 236 people onboard around one hour after departing a Kuala Lumpur The Daily Mirror reports that Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah "was a fervent supporter of his country's opposition leader who was jailed for homosexuality - illegal in Malaysia - only hours before flight MH370 vanished”.  The paper adds: "It emerged that the pilot's wife and three children moved out of the family's home the day before the plane's disappearance.”  The Malaysian government had been looking for a reason to search the home of the pilot and the co-pilot for several days.   But it was only in the last 24 to 36 hours, when radar and satellite data came to light, that authorities believed they had sufficient reason to go through the residences, reported US network CNN. The communications systems of missing plane were deliberately turned off, the Malaysian PM told a press conference on Saturday.  Najib Razak said that based on the satellite communication, "we have concluded that the transponder of the aircraft was deliberately switched off by someone on the plane between Malaysia and Vietnamese air space.”  Mr Razak said the authorities were now trying to trace the plane across two possible corridors -- from the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan through to northern Thailand and from south from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean.  The aircraft, a Boeing 777, disappeared early last Saturday morning with 236 people onboard around one hour after departing a Kuala Lumpur airport en route to Beijing.  "It’s looking less and less like an accident,” said a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak publicly. "It’s looking more like a criminal event.”  The Daily Mirror reports that Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah "was a fervent supporter of his country's opposition leader who was jailed for homosexuality - illegal in Malaysia - only hours before flight MH370 vanished”.The paper adds: "It emerged that the pilot's wife and three children moved out of the family's home the day before the plane's disappearance.”The Malaysian government had been looking for a reason to search the home of the pilot and the co-pilot for several days.The communications systems of missing plane were deliberately turned off, the Malaysian PM told a press conference on Saturday.Najib Razak said that based on the satellite communication, "we have concluded that the transponder of the aircraft was deliberately switched off by someone on the plane between Malaysia and Vietnamese air space.”Mr Razak said the authorities were now trying to trace the plane across two possible corridors -- from the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan through to northern Thailand and from south from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean.The aircraft, a Boeing 777, disappeared early last Saturday morning with 236 people onboard around one hour after departing a Kuala Lumpur airport en route to Beijing."It’s looking less and less like an accident,” said a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak publicly. "It’s looking more like a criminal event.”