In 2012, Jack Feighery got the news dreaded by every small American manufacturer. His biggest customer had decided to flee for cheaper pastures, moving its production facility to Malaysia.Feighery runs a business in Stamford that produces precision parts for the scientific community, including manufacturers in the pharmaceutical and petrochemical industry. Called KAF Manufacturing, the company has thrived in a niche sector with few competitors. His 11,000-square-foot factory, tucked into a fast-shrinking industrial pocket near the railway tracks, employs 22 people."My first thought was: We're out of business," he said. "I know we can't compete on price."But in the end, his customer -- the name of which he declined to disclose -- decided it still wanted KAF parts. Turning to a turnkey factory in Malaysia for the components came with too many uncertainties.And so for the first time in its 40-year history, KAF Manufacturing became an exporter."We will be here forever," Feighery said.The company is now among a large group of businesses that are growing the state's foreign trade and providing a much-needed boost to the economy.In 2013, Connecticut sold a record-setting $16.5 billion worth of goods and services, a 3 percent increase over the previous year, the U.S. Department of Commerce said last month. Overall, the state ranked 12th among a list of top exporters, headed by Texas, California and Washington. Moreover, among the 16 states that set records for exports last year, Connecticut was the lone representative from the northeast."The point here is that we are still a manufacturing state," said Don Klepper-Smith, a chief economist and director of research for DataCore Partners, a New Haven-based research firm.Of the state's exports, nearly half, or 48.6 percent, was transportation equipment, a testament to the state's large aerospace industry. As another illustration, a report by the Connecticut Economic Resource Center last year found that producers of civilian aircraft, engines and parts accounted for $6.5 billion, or 41 percent, of exports in 2012.The sector is led by juggernauts Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Sundstrand and Sikorsky Aerospace, all subsidiaries of United Technologies, a company that Gov. Dannel P. Malloy recently proposed giving $400 million in tax breaks. In exchange for the deal, which requires legislative approval, UTC has pledged to invest up to $500 million over the next five years.All told, the state has counted about 100 businesses that manufacture products and parts for the aerospace industry.Economists have pointed out that the robust export numbers have provided a bright spot in an otherwise sluggish economy. Unemployment in Connecticut is still persistently high at 7.4 percent, according to the state Department of Labor. Job growth, meanwhile, has been modest, with the state having recovered only about half of the total nonfarm jobs during the recession.The news from manufacturing has been bleak. Just last month, Sikorsky said that it was planning to lay off 600 employees.Klepper-Smith said his study of preliminary labor data found Connecticut to be 42nd in the nation for annual job growth last year.That companies have been able to achieve export growth despite massive job losses can be attributed to combination of factors, he said. They include increased productivity from technological improvements, a highly skilled labor force and a weaker dollar, which has made American products more affordable."Exports are really keeping the Connecticut economy moving in the right direction," he said.Aside from setting a new high, last year's exports suggest a possible turning point: Connecticut's trade actually fell by 2 percent in 2012 and was relatively flat in prior years. But although the state has for several years participated in a federal grant program to assist small businesses with export activity, some have argued that Connecticut needs to make a bigger and more coordinated effort to promote trade."We're a state that has been historically very reluctant to make the kind of investments that you have to make to be competitive," said Fred Cartensen, director of the Connecticut Center for Economic Analysis and professor of economics at the University of Connecticut. "We're really very lucky. We've been very successful in spite of ourselves."He pointed out that businesses that export are often forced to ship their goods to airports in New York City. Bradley International Airport has not had international flights to Europe since Delta ended its nonstop service to Amsterdam in 2008.Connecticut's biggest trading partner last year was France, which bought $2.4 billion worth of goods made by the state. It was followed by Canada, at $1.9 billion, and Germany, at $1.4 billion.France and Canada typically lead the pack due to purchases related to aerospace, said Laura Jaworski, a business development manager at the Office of International and Domestic Business Development, an agency in the state Department of Economic and Community Development.Cartensen also criticized the state for failing to make better use of its deep water ports in New London, New Haven and Bridgeport, where ship traffic has been on the decline for several years. The issue has gained more urgency in anticipation of a 2015 expansion of the Panama Canal. The redevelopment will allow for the passage of larger vessels, as well as larger shipments, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.Catherine Smith, the state's DECD commissioner, acknowledged the hurdles but said the state has been actively trying to come up with solutions.Airport officials, she said, have been trying to secure an international flight but the process is not so simple. "It takes a little time for us to demonstrate we can have that kind of traffic," she said.Meanwhile, legislators recently re-introduced a plan to create a statewide port authority. The quasi-public agency would promote and coordinate the three ports as destinations for international shipping as well as lobby for federal and state funding to finance dredging and infrastructure improvements.Smith said the bill was approved last year by the state Senate in the final hours of the legislative session, but failed to make it before the House of Representatives. "It ran out of time," she said.Overall, Smith said she was very pleased with the export numbers."It faltered for quite a while," she said. "To see it pick up was quite a positive from my perspective."Within the business community, there have been cries for the government to solve a more basic yet pressing problem."What we are hearing is, 'We need (more) skilled workers. We're having trouble finding them,' " said Peter Gioia, vice president and economist for the Connecticut Business and Industry Association. Last spring, the group conducted a survey of businesses involved in international trade.Feighery agreed. "The most important asset is a stable workforce," he said.Like so many of the employees he has hired, the 69-year-old graduated from J.M. Wright Technical High School. The state-run trade school in Stamford was shut down in 2009 due to low enrollment and lack of funding. It is set to reopen this fall following an $85 million renovation.While he has watched machine shops across the city shutter over the years, Feighery envisions his company growing. Workload at his factory has increased by 40 percent, largely due to demand from the Malaysian client, he said."Manufacturing is making a turn," he said. "It's not the dustbowl that people think it is."