PETALING JAYA: As a family man, acting Transport Minister and Defence Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein feels for the kin of those on MH370, and wants them to rest assured of ongoing efforts to locate the plane.“I don’t blame them (for being angry). I have children. I have a wife. I have brothers and sisters. And putting myself in that position, I can imagine how difficult it is for them,” he told CCTV America’s James Chau in an interview.Their exchange sought to address whether the Malaysian Government had hidden information from the affected parties.Hishammuddin reassured families that they were told everything he knows, and mentioned an intended visit to Beijing to meet and talk directly to the affected families there.“I can assure everybody on record that whatever that I know – which is corroborated, and that has been the instruction of my Prime Minister from the beginning – that we will be as transparent as we can,” he added.However, this transparency depends upon corroboration of information and disclosure that will not jeopardise the investigation.When Chau asked Hishammuddin whether there were any secrets or state cover-up, the minister replied with a “definitely not”.“How could there be a cover-up when it comes to lives? Especially involving lives that we have not found yet?” he said.In light of new developments on the probe, Chau queried whether anyone stood out on the MH370 passenger manifest.“Who would have that skill to understand how to turn off a transponder... and then be able to escape detection across different countries?” Chau asked.Hishammuddin said he himself also wanted to know who was responsible and added that he deemed it irresponsible to name any names until all facts are available.“Anything revealed now, which has not been corroborated, will affect the investigation. This is to be fair to the families,” he added.Hishammuddin said it would be irresponsible to “verify whatever speculation” without facts and corroborated evidence, as information from the Malaysian Government needs to be credible.He also said no distress signals were received.“We have nobody claiming to be responsible for it. Even if there’s a hijack, there’s no ransom notes, he said.