It's been more than a week since Beijing-bound Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished after departing Kuala Lumpur on March 8. Each day has brought new information and new questions from passengers' families and the wider world, which is anxiously waiting for answers.Here are the facts:• The Boeing 777 left Kuala Lumpur International Airport about 12:40 a.m. local time, and was scheduled to arrive in Beijing at 6:30 a.m. - Malaysia Airlines• Communications on the flight were disabled due to "deliberate action by someone on the plane." — Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak• The Aircraft and Communications Addressing and Reporting System, called ACARS, was cut off at 1:07 a.m. local time March 8. — Malaysia Airlines• The transponder, which transmits location and altitude, shut down at 1:21 a.m. during the flight. — FlightRadar24, a flight-tracking system• Subang Air Traffic Control officially reported that it lost contact with the flight at 2:40 a.m. -- Malaysia Airlines• Although the aircraft was flying virtually blind to air-traffic controllers after ACARS and the transponder shut down, on board equipment continued to send "pings" to satellites. The last confirmed signal from the plane to a satellite was at 8:11 a.m., more than seven hours after takeoff. — Razak• The final words from the cockpit to air traffic controllers -- "All right, good night." -- apparently were spoken after the plane was diverted. — Razak• The plane had enough fuel to fly for up to about eight hours. — Airline officials• Malaysian military radar registered dramatic changes in altitude — going up to 45,000 feet, before descending to 23,000 feet. — unnamed source to The New York Times• Police have visited the home of the pilot, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, spoke to family members and began examining his flight simulator. — Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein• Officers have also visited the home of the co-pilot, Fariq Ab Hamid, and engineers who worked on the plane. — Hussein• The number of countries involved in the search for the missing jetliner increased from 14 to 25. — Malaysian authorities• The flight carried 239 people, including passengers of 12 nationalities and two people using stolen passports.