Malaysian police on Saturday searched the homes of the pilot and co-pilot of the missing Malaysia Airlines aircraft that vanished off the radars while on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in the early hours of March 8 with 239 people aboard and has remained untraced since then.Malaysia's Defence Minister and Acting Transport Minister Hishamuddin Hussein told a press conference in Kuala Lumpur this afternoon that police officers spoke to family members of the pilot, while experts were examining his flight simulator. Police also visited the home of the co-pilot.The flight was piloted by Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, a Malaysian aged 53 with total flying hours of 18,365 hours. He joined Malaysia Airlines in 1981.First officer, Fariq Ab. Hamid, a Malaysian, 27, has total flying hours of 2,763 hours. He joined Malaysia Airlines in 2007."We appeal to the public not to jump to conclusions regarding the police investigation," the statement said.Mr Hussein said the search operation had entered a new phase. "The search was already a highly complex, multinational effort. It has now become even more difficult," he said. "Every day brings new angles, especially as we are refocusing and expanding the search area – and as always, we have a responsibility to release only information that has been corroborated and verified," he said. He said the search area had been significantly expanded. "And the nature of the search has changed. From focusing mainly on shallow seas, we are now looking at large tracts of land, crossing 11 countries, as well as deep and remote oceans," he said. Mr Hussein said the number of countries involved in the search and rescue operation had increased from 14 to 25, which brought new challenges of co-ordination and diplomacy to the search effort. "This is a significant recalibration of the search. The search and rescue operation continues to be a multi-national effort, one led and co-ordinated by Malaysia," he said. Mr Hussein said Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak had spoken to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India as well as the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, the President of Turkmenistan and the President of Kazakhstan in the last 24 hours. "Yesterday the Foreign Ministry of Malaysia briefed representatives from countries along the northern and southern corridors.  "At 2 pm today, the Foreign Ministry of Malaysia briefed representatives from 22 countries, including those along the northern and southern search corridors, as well other countries that may be able to help. These include Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, China, Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia and Australia," he said. Mr Hussein said Malaysian officials were requesting support from these countries – as well as others. This support includes general satellite data, radar playback – both primary and secondary – provisions for ground, sea and aerial search, and assets as appropriate. "We are currently discussing with all partners how best to deploy assets along the two search corridors. At this stage, both the northern and southern corridors are being treated with equal importance. "We are asking countries that have satellite assets, including the US, China and France amongst others, to provide further satellite data. And we are contacting additional countries who may be able to contribute specific assets relevant to the search and rescue operation. Surveillance aircraft are required, and maritime vessels are needed, particularly for the southern corridor," he said. Mr Hussein said that, as Mr Najib said yesterday, up until the time the aircraft left military primary radar coverage, its movements were consistent with deliberate action by someone on the plane. "I cannot comment on speculative theories as to what might have caused the deviation from the original flight path, as I do not wish to prejudice the on-going investigation. "I understand the hunger for new details. But we do not want to jump to conclusions. Out of respect to the families, and the process itself, we must wait for the investigation to run its course. "I would like to stress that Malaysia has been working with international law enforcement agencies since day one," he said. Mr Hussein said the airline had confirmed that the aircraft was subjected to the required maintenance program: the Boeing Maintenance Planning Document.  "Checks are done according to this program. The aircraft had been fully serviced and was fit to fly," he said. The Inmarsat team arrived yesterday and will support the investigations team, which includes the Malaysian authorities, and the UK and US teams. "I would like to conclude by reiterating that the search for MH370 has entered a new phase. The information released yesterday has provided new leads, and given new direction to the search process. We will provide more detail on the redeployment of assets when it becomes available. Facts must be corroborated and verified before being released.  "When possible, we will keep the media fully briefed, but our priority remains the search and rescue operation. To that end, we have been engaged in diplomatic and investigative efforts over the past 24 hours," he said.Yesterday, Mr Najib had told a press conference in Kuala Lumpur that investigations so far showed that someone aboard the aircraft had deliberately disabled its communications systems, turned it off course and flew it for nearly seven hours after it went off radars.The flight, MH370, with 239 people on board, including five Indians and a Canadian of Indian origin, went missing after less than an hour into its journey from Kuala Lumpur in the early hours of March 8.Mr Najib said the efforts in the South China Sea, around the flight path, were being called off.He said that he was briefed yesterday morning by the investigation team - which includes the FAA, NTSB, the AAIB, the Malaysian authorities and the Acting Minister of Transport - on new information that shed further light on what happened to MH370."Based on new satellite information, we can say with a high degree of certainty that the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) was disabled just before the aircraft reached the east coast of peninsular Malaysia," he said."Shortly afterwards, near the border between Malaysian and Vietnamese air traffic control, the aircraft's transponder was switched off," he said.Mr Najib said that, from this point onwards, the Royal Malaysian Air Force primary radar showed that an aircraft which was believed - but not confirmed - to be MH370 did indeed turn back. It then flew in a westerly direction back over peninsular Malaysia before turning northwest."Up until the point at which it left military primary radar coverage, these movements are consistent with deliberate action by someone on the plane," he said."Today, based on raw satellite data that was obtained from the satellite data service provider, we can confirm that the aircraft shown in the primary radar data was flight MH370. After much forensic work and deliberation, the FAA, NTSB, AAIB and the Malaysian authorities, working separately on the same data, concur," he said.Mr Najib said that, according to the new data, the last confirmed communication between the plane and the satellite was at 8:11AM Malaysian time on Saturday 8th March.He said the investigations team was making further calculations which would  indicate how far the aircraft might have flown after this last point of contact.  He said this would help the authorities to refine the search."Due to the type of satellite data, we are unable to confirm the precise location of the plane when it last made contact with the satellite."However, based on this new data, the aviation authorities of Malaysia and their international counterparts have determined that the plane's last communication with the satellite was in one of two possible corridors: a northern corridor stretching approximately from the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan to northern Thailand, or a southern corridor stretching approximately from Indonesia to the southern Indian ocean. The investigation team is working to further refine the information," he said.Mr Najib said that, in view of this latest development, the Malaysian authorities had refocused their investigation into the crew and passengers on board."Despite media reports that the plane was hijacked, I wish to be very clear: we are still investigating all possibilities as to what caused MH370 to deviate from its original flight path," he said.Mr Najib said the new satellite information had a significant impact on the nature and scope of the search operation."We are ending our operations in the South China Sea and reassessing the redeployment of our assets. We are working with the relevant countries to request all information relevant to the search, including radar data.The last known position of MH370 before it disappeared off the radar was 065515 North (longitude) and 1033443 East (latitude).The search and rescue mission has been joined by teams from countries such as Australia, China, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam, Philippines, the United States of America and now India.Apart from the search in the sea, search on land in between these areas is also being conducted.The airline said the aircraft, was carrying a total of 239 people, comprising 227 passengers (including two infants) and 12 members of crew.According to the manifest, the Indians on the flight were identified as: Mr Vinod Kolekar, 59; Ms Chetana Kolekar, 55; Mr Swanand Kolekar, 23; Ms Chandrika Sharma, 51; and Mr Kranti Shirsath, 44. The list also includes a Canadian of Indian origin, Mr Muktesh Mukherjee, 42.The passengers are of 14 different nationalities. All crew on board are Malaysians.The passengers include 153 from China/Taiwan (including one infant), 38 from Malaysia, 5 Indians, 7 Indonesians, 6 Australians, four from France, three (including an infant) from the United States, two each from Ukraine, Canada and New Zealand, and one each from Russia, Italy, the Netherlands and Austria.Malaysia Airlines said this was truly an unprecedented situation for it and for the entire aviation industry."There has never been a case in which information gleaned from satellite signals alone could potentially be used to identify the location of a missing commercial airliner. Given the nature of the situation and its extreme sensitivity, it was critical that the raw satellite signals were verified and analysed by the relevant authorities so that their significance could be properly understood. This naturally took some time, during which we were unable to publicly confirm their existence," it said."We were well aware of the ongoing media speculation during this period, and its effect on the families of those on board. Their anguish and distress increases with each passing day, with each fresh rumour, and with each false or misleading media report. Our absolute priority at all times has been to support the authorities leading the multinational search for MH370, so that we can finally provide the answers which the families and the wider community are waiting for."We remain absolutely committed to sharing confirmed information with family members and the wider public in a fully open and transparent manner. However given the nature of the situation, the importance of validating new information before it is released into the public domain is paramount," the airline added.