On Friday, as the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner entered its second week, a vast international search party widened to include military assets from India, where new evidence suggests the plane was approaching after it lost radio contact. As scores of helicopters, planes and naval vessels scoured an area the size of Portugal for any sign of Flight 370 and the 239 people aboard, they were joined by dozens of military satellites, spy planes, and even cameras from the International Space Station.The United States sent the destroyer USS Kidd to scour the Indian Ocean; its helicopters will also conduct sweeps of the areas. That will complement searches that continued closer to the middle of the Gulf of Thailand where the flight dropped out of sight after departing from Kuala Lumpur early Saturday morning local time.In most aviation accidents, even those in deep water, the search would have narrowed by now. And the clock is ticking for finding the most critical piece of evidence: the flight data recorders (black boxes) that could tell investigators what happened up there. The battery life is guaranteed at only 30 days, though newer ones could continue emitting pings to guide rescuers for some time after that, experts said.Investigators are not giving up hope. By training the most sophisticated hardware and technology upon the area, experienced accident investigators are hopeful that the 777-200 will be found before that critical date."If the aircraft is somewhere in the water, then it's likely going to be found," says John Goglia, a former NTSB board member, noting that American expertise in deep sea surveillance developed during the Cold War would be critical to the effort. "The U.S. and the Soviet Union played the cat-and-mouse game for years and the technology involved in that is phenomenal," he says.Submarines may already be scouring the seabed near the Andaman islands, some sources says. If the evidence leads searchers to depths below a few hundred feet, then more advanced submersibles would be deployed, such as the Remora 6000 that was used to retrieving the wreckage of Air France Flight 447 in 2011, nearly two years after it plunged into the Atlantic. David Gallo of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute, who ran that search, told CNN Friday that he has offered assistance, but as of Friday had not been contacted by Malaysian authorities.Malaysian officials are coordinating the search, as per international protocol, which dictates that the country where the plane went down or the country where it was registered should be in charge. However, it is assumed that the FAA, the NTSB, and other U.S. agencies with vast experience in accident investigations are closely involved. Indeed, they were probably responsible for the flurry of reports yesterday that the plane could have flown for more than four hours after dropping off civilian radar, and that it was transmitting some information to satellite based monitoring systems, despite its transponders being shut off, intentionally or otherwise. These sources also said that analyses of military radar in the area picked up four pings that were set off along a string of waypoints that suggest Flight 370 was following a set flight path westward from the Malaysian peninsula.While those announcements narrowed the scope of the search a little, the mystery of why the plane would have continued to fly undetected only seemed to deepen. "This is not a normal investigation," Hishammuddin Hussein, the minister in charge of defense and transportation, at a news conference (with some understatement). "The information we have forces us to look further and further afield."While much is riding on finding the flight recorders, investigators said that if the plane did indeed fly on until it ran out of fuel, up to five hours after the ground lost track of it, then that could undermine the vital voice recorder data. The tape captures only the sounds from the last two hours of a flight, at which point they begin to record over what's already there.• The south Andaman Sea and the Andaman islands are the focus of the search lead by India's navy, the country's Ministry of Defense said Friday. That announcement excited more speculation surrounding one theoryL that the plane might have landed in the archipelago. Two coast guard ships were diverted to search along the islands' east coast and helicopters and planes flew over the entire area. Few of the 500 islands are even inhabited and even fewer have an airstrip, none of which could safely handle a 250-ton widebody like the lost 777-200.• China revealed that it had evidence of a "seafloor event" about 90 minutes after the plane's last known contact. The event was recorded in a non-seismic region about 116 kilometers (72 miles) northeast of the plane's last confirmed location, according to the University of Science and Technology of China. "Judging from the time and location of the two events, the seafloor event may have been caused by MH370 crashing into the sea," the university said in a statement on its website.