KUALA LUMPUR: Independent consultants Ikram Premier Consulting (IPC) have found the Kuala Lumpur 2 (KLIA2) low-cost carrier terminal to be safe and will be opened as scheduled on May 2, said Acting Transport Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Tun Hussein.  Hishammuddin, who is also Defence Minister, said in their preliminary report, they had recommended that minor cracks on the taxiway be repaired as per International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines.  "In IPC's evaluation, which focused on safety aspects of the taxiway, apron, runway and the surrounding areas, they stated that there were no cracks on the runway, only minor ones on the taxiway," he said in a statement.  He said in their report, the consultants also confirmed that the terminal building was in good condition, although there were a few minor cracks on the structure, which needed immediate rectification.  "As for the surrounding areas, it was found there was land sinking in some places and these too needed to be rectified although they did not pose any safety risk to the airport's users," he said.    Hishammuddin said the report was tabled at the last Cabinet meeting on Friday following which the ministers decided that it be shared with airlines that would be operating at KLIA2.   "As such, I have instructed the Transport Ministry and the Department of Civil Aviation (DCA) to call all stakeholders particularly the airlines to meet the (independent) consultants on the matter as soon as possible," he said.  Hishammuddin said the Cabinet was also informed that the second phase of the evaluation of KLIA2 by IPC would be done on April 14.  "That is three weeks before the opening of KLIA2 so as to ensure safety aspects at the runway, taxiway and parking apron are up to the mark," he added.  Hishammuddin also said that a delegation from the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) led by its chairman Datuk Nur Jazlan Mohamed had visited KLIA2 last Thursday to check on it readiness for the May 2 opening.  "At the same time, Operational Readiness and Airport Transfer (ORAT) tests are being carried out and are proceeding smoothly.  "I as the minister responsible, will ensure that there will not be any compromise on safety at KLIA2," he added.To get more news updates at your fingertips, download the Astro Awani mobile application on the App Store or Google Playstore.