The Amazing Race host Phil Keoghan has the teams on Amazing Race All Stars 2014 staying put in Malaysia and I guess sending them out clubbing for the night! They will hit up some of the Malaysian clubs and spins some sick beats and dance with the locals and make drinks like a pro! All in one night of fun on The Amazing Race 2014, so follow along with our Amazing Race Al Stars 2014 Live Recap and see who got eliminated on The Amazing Race All Stars 2014 tonight!Last week on The Amazing Race Season 24, the teams left China and headed to Malaysia. It was time for some crazy weather conditions as the teams tried to race down the rapids in homemade rafts! Brendon & Rachel were not having fun and fell in the water a couple times, but they still survived the crazy rapids and checked in second to last with Phil Keoghan. We saw Joey & Meghan make a big mistake at one of the challenges and let their taxi go! This lead to them walking and waiting on a taxi for too long and they were the last team to check-in with Phil and were eliminated from The Amazing Race 2014!Our Live Recap follows, so scroll down to see all the action tonight!Don’t want to know what happened on our The Amazing Race Spoilers Live Recap or see who won The Amazing Race 2013 tonight? Then don’t read ahead![Please refresh this page frequently for the latest updates in our live The Amazing Race recap!]Things start with Dave & Connor and the first clue, which it to head to the log house at Prince Philip Park. Their taxi driver is lost, so Jet & Cord get ahead of them and get the clue, which is a Road Block. They will jumping on this apparatus with locals and have to jump up and grab a flag! Jet tries, but fails twice and Connor goes and gets the flag! They get the clue, which is to head to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia for the next clue and fly there, but seating is limited!Jet is still struggling and Leo is also, but he gets that flag first and they head out as Dave & Connor get the first flight booked. Leo & Jamal get the first flight, but only room for one other team can get that flight. Two other flights will follow. It took 47 jumps, but Jet finally got that flag and they head out and get the last spot on the first flight as Luke starts jumping for the flag!Luke & Margie get to airport and find out they are second flight! Big Easy missed on first jump, but they get it and head out to airport. Jen took some time to get the rhythm, but she gets it and grabs the flag and they get second flight. Jessica is jumping now and she cannot get the rhythm on the bamboo. Rachel & Brendon are heading out and she wants to win because he promised babies if they win and she wants babies! Now we see Jessica struggling and her feet are tore up! She has blisters and blood and hoping she can finish The Amazing Race 2014!Jessica gets the feet cleaned up and gets the flag and now Rachel is the last one jumping. For some reason, she is wearing panty hose? They are making her slip, so she takes them off and gets the flag!At the airport on The Amazing Race All Stars 2014, the second flight gets delayed 50 minutes, so pretty much the second and third flight are leaving at the same time! They are all in flight to Malaysia now!The first team to the intersection is Leo & Jamal and it is a Detour: Mix Master, they will choose a scratch master and learn how to deejay or Master Mix, which is to pour a seven colored drinks properly. Leo & Jamal, Jet & Cord and Dave & Connor are all doing Master Mix because they have no rhythm!Leo & Jamal fail on first attempt and mix colors. The other teams all make it to the airport and it is fight for taxis and vans. None of them are getting the drinks right. It looks like Jen & Caroline, Flight Time & Big Easy and Jessica & John will be mixing music, but everyone else is mixing the drinks.Leo & Jamal give up on the drinks and head over to mix music instead! On their tenth attempt, Jet & Cord get the drinks poured perfectly and will now head to Batu Caves for this leg’s Pit Stop on Amazing Race All Stars 2014!Rachel thinks she can do this challenge, as she used to be a cocktail waitress. It took 12 attempts, but Dave & Connor finally get it! Leo & Jamal are struggling with the music mixing now and the other teams arrive and they think they are screwed!They think they have it, so Flight Time & Big Easy try mixing the music and fail! Then Leo & Jamal follow them. They were feeling the music and I am liking the Afghanimals this season! They get all seven tracks done and head to the Pit Stop!At the Pit Stop on The Amazing Race Season 24, Jet & Cord check-in with Phil Keoghan as the first team and have won a trip to London! Dave & Connor are the second team. Luke is getting pissy and his mom is telling him to calm down! Everyone is struggling, but Jen & Caroline try the deejay and get ti right! Then Leo & Jamal check-in as Team #3! Jessica & John then get the music right!Flight Tim & Big Easy finally get the music right and move on! We have Brendon & Rachel on their 28th attempt and Luke & Margie on their 24th attempt and the drinks are not treating them well! Luke fails and gets pissed, so he flings down the glasses in anger!Very cool to see, as Margie makes Luke clean up the mess and then Rachel & Brendon come over and cheer on Luke and cheer him on to boost his spirits. They know they are the last two teams and help cheering him on…very cool! Margie asks if they want to both take the time penalty, but Rachel says no and they can both do it!Jen & Caroline are Team #4, Jessica & John are Team #5, Flight Time & Big are Team #6 and then with encouragement of Rachel, Luke calms down and they get the drinks done right! They check-in with Phil as Team #7. Brendon and Rachel pray it out and finally get it done and check-in with Phil as the last team, but it is a non-elimination leg of the race and they are safe tonight on Amazing Race All Stars 2014! They will have a Speed Bump to complete next week, but are still alive in the race. Good karma for helping calm down Luke?What do you think of the results on The Amazing Race 2014 tonight?Join us tonight on Gossip & Gab for our Amazing Race All Stars 2014 Live Recap. Let’s watch together and see who got eliminated on The Amazing Race Season 2014 tonight! Bookmark us or friend us on Facebook or Twitter for all our latest updates. Want to see more from Editor-in-Chief Todd Betzold? Check him out at Who Was Voted Off or see him ranting on all things reality TV at Reality Rewind.