The opening ceremony will include speeches by Dr Ali bin Masoud al Sunaidy, Minister of Commerce and Industry, deputy chairman of the Supreme Council for Planning, Said bin Saleh al Kiyumi, Chairman of Oman Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and Walid Abou Zaki, Executive Director, Al Iktissad Wal-Aamal Group, in addition to keynote address by Lee Myung-Bak, former president of South Korea. The first session will be on 'The Sultanate of Oman: An Era of Economic Diversification,' which will include two working papers on the Sultanate's Ninth Five-Year Plan, key initiatives and the government's upcoming investment strategies. The second session will be on the 'Impact of Non-Oil Economy Plans on Development and Job Opportunities.' It will include working papers on investment opportunities in the fishing industry, future prospects of tourism in the Sultanate, expansion and prospects of the basic and petrochemical industries, in-country value (ICV) and job opportunities. The third session will be on 'Ports and the Economic Zones: Huge Economic Potentials'. It will include a number of working papers on prospects of investment in the Special Economic Zone of Duqm, the future of the Salalah and Sohar ports and the role of the private sector and foreign investments.The fourth session will be on 'Development of Infrastructure and Major Projects' and will include a number of working papers on development of rail network and the transport sector, public and private sector partnership opportunities; drawing foreign investments, Muscat International Airport and regional airports projects and positive impact of oil and gas projects on the economy. The fifth session will be on the 'Prospects of Banking and Finance Industry.' It will discuss the next phase for banks in the Sultanate, the role of the capital markets in securing required capital for financing the new development plan, the role of local banks in financing infrastructure and major projects and the prospects and challenges of Islamic banking in the Sultanate. The first day will also include a workshop on 'Invest in Oman'. It will present an overview of the key investment opportunities in the Sultanate. The second day is dedicated to SMEs and enhancing job opportunities and innovation. It will include four sessions.Session 1 will be on 'Development of SME Sector'. It will include a number of working papers on the government's vision to develop the sector, the set policies and mechanisms for sector's development, the role of the sector's institutional reference, the developing a nurturing environment for SMEs and the financing programmes for them. Session 2 will be on 'Financing Schemes.' It will include working papers on the role of commercial banks and security institutions, the private sector initiatives in financing SMEs. Muscat Securities and micro market. Session 3 will be on 'International Experience with SMEs'. It will include a number of leading experiences from South Korea, Saudi Arabia and International Finance Corporation in Malaysia. Session 4 will be on 'Training and Work Force Development for SMEs and Start-ups.'