Weitere Nachricht dazu von yahoo.com: Top Asian News at 4:00 a.m. GMT KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) ? Attention focused Sunday on the pilots of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight after the country's leader announced findings so far that suggest someone with intimate knowledge of the Boeing 777's cockpit seized control of the plane and sent it off-course. Prime Minister Najib Razak gave the first detailed findings Saturday in the more than weeklong investigation into the missing plane, showing that someone severed weiterlesen ...Dazu berichtet yahoo.com: Malaysian plane saga highlights air defense gaps By Peter Apps and Frank Jack Daniel LONDON/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Whatever truly happened to missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, its apparently unchallenged wanderings through Asian skies point to major gaps in regional - and perhaps wider - air defenses. On Saturday, Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak said authorities now believed the Boeing 777 flew for nearly seven hours after disappearing early on March 8. Either its crew or weiterlesen ...Dazu berichtet yahoo.com weiter: Malaysian plane saga highlights air defence gaps * Regional air defences missed wandering airliner * Indian radar may have been turned off at night * Remote oceans barely covered by surveillance By Peter Apps and Frank Jack Daniel LONDON/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Whatever truly happened to missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, its apparently unchallenged wanderings through Asian skies point to major gaps in regional - and perhaps wider - air defences. On Saturday, Malaysia's Prime Minister weiterlesen ...Weitere Nachricht von rss.wn.com: Riding the future on Sukuk (QInvest LLC) (Source: QInvest LLC) By V L Srinivasan, Qatar Today Magazine Sukuk are not only an established alternative source of funding in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region and the Asian mar­kets but are also evoking consid­erable interest in Europe, Africa and the CIS countries. The first ever ringgit sukuk issuance was by Malaysia for $33 million (QR120.12 mil­lion) in 1990, and the global sukuk market crossed the $136 billion (QR495.04 billion) mark weiterlesen ...yahoo.com weiter: Top Asian News at 8:00 a.m. GMT KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) ? Communications on a missing Malaysian airliner were deliberately disabled and the last signal from the plane came more than seven hours after takeoff, meaning it could have ended up anywhere from the southern Indian Ocean to Central Asia, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Saturday. Najib's announcement confirmed days of mounting speculation that the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 with 239 people on weiterlesen ...