All theories aside about what happened to Malaysian Airlines Flight 370, the military consequences of its search and rescue operation in the already-contested South China Sea deserve to be addressed. Over ten countries are using their planes and ships to help find the missing aircraft, thereby increasing the military presence in the region. The assistance of certain out-of-region actors, with their efforts undoubtedly performed with the best and most noble of intentions, may also have a convenient dual military and intelligence purpose. The quarrelling between normally friendly ASEAN members Vietnam and Malaysia also shows that regional unity is not as close knit as previously thought, which moreover has implications for the entire ASEAN regional structure.As of 12 March, there were 43 ships and 40 aircraft partaking in the search and rescue . BBC reports that the majority of the units are from Malaysia, with China, Vietnam, and the US also contributing important elements. Most of the passengers were from China, the plane originated in Malaysia, and it was originally believed that it may have crashed near Vietnam, hence those countries' involvement. The US incidentally happened to have two destroyers already training in the South China Sea (in all likelihood, related to the Pivot to Asia plan), and have flown in a surveillance aircraft from Japan. Speaking of Japan, that country has sent four military aircraft to the region to assist. With the US' revelation five days after the plane went missing that it has now come across an undisclosed "indication" (perhaps via questionably ethical electronic intercepts?) that it could be in the , India has decided to send three planes and three naval units to its Andaman and Nicobar island chains. Rounding up the total, Australia and New Zealand have sent a few surveillance planes, and Singapore, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand have naval forces actively involved.The South China Sea is already a hotly contested region, and the presence of military forces from so many countries, although not necessarily in the portion that is disputed, can make for a unique dynamic. While the units from all countries are actively engaged in looking for the missing plane, they are also likely looking at and observing one another. After all, most of them have overlapping claims, if not with one another, then certainly with . This provides all the actors with a prime opportunity to gather reconnaissance concerning the search and rescue tactics of their competitors (which can also be applied to downed airmen in the event of war), and they can also attempt to intercept one another's communications using signals intelligence. Looked at in this manner, although Vietnam was unsuccessful in finding any of the debris supposedly pinpointed by one of China's satellites (there is no publicly available information about the activity of American or other involved parties' satellites in the search), its rapid response maneuvers in reaction to the information could have provided valuable intelligence to any interested observer about the capabilities of its naval forces.The linkage between the Indian, Japanese, and American navies deserves special attention. The US has had units deployed in this theater for decades, but India and Japan are newcomers here. Although India does not have any units in the South China Sea (they are positioned in Indian islands close to the Strait of Malacca), it does harbor long-term ambitions of becoming an active player in , including in the South China Sea. Japan also wants to increase its presence in the region, principally in the , since the ASEAN countries are expected to be some of the fastest growing and strongest performing economies in the . Deploying Japanese units (no matter how small-scale) to "China's backyard" also serves a geopolitical purpose in showcasing Tokyo's growing naval assertiveness as a response to the East China Sea island dispute.India and Japan come together through New Delhi's "Look East" policy, where it envisions growing its influence past the Indian Ocean and into the . India and Japan are both geopolitical rivals of China, so it is natural that they would cooperate in containing it. The geographic halfway mark between both powers is ASEAN, which was just explained as the target of both states' influence expansions. The entrance of India and Japan into ASEAN's affairs would provide competition to China and prevent the area from being overly dominated by its northern neighbor. Since the US is the grand overseer of the anti-Chinese containment strategy, its role is to bring together these two key linchpins. This helps explain why India invited Japan to join it in future tripartite naval training exercises with the US during Abe's visit to the country, a move that was strongly criticized by China as a . This is but the latest step in the evolving Indo-Japanese naval and strategic  managed under America's aegis. It is entirely possible that the US, Indian, and Japanese units deployed in the search for the missing plane may even link up or already be cooperating/communicating with one another as a prelude to the tripartite exercises later this year.More directly pertinent to the region, Vietnam and Malaysia have been criticizing one another's actions during the search . This shows that the relations between ASEAN's members are not as close as they may first appear, drawing questions about the region's ability to one day act as a unified economic, political, or diplomatic actor. The lack of coordination between the ASEAN members during the search also raises serious doubts about the possibility of an effective regional NATO-esque military alliance against China. Without outside American management and control (just like NATO), the disparate members would likely pursue their own national interests without regard for their regional 'allies', including potentially bandwagoning with China instead of against it if the incentives are right. This demonstrates that any military alliance between these countries is prone to American behind-the-scenes direction in order to maintain the imposed counter-China objective and prevent deviations (tempted by the economic benefits that cooperation with Beijing brings) from this goal. Tying some of the ASEAN members into America's proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership may be the first step in the direction of closer American-centric leadership in the region, possibly heralding in the ultimate objective of military integration that was postulated above.With the deployment of so many air and sea military units from so many countries, the operation is now beginning to look more like a Gulf of Aden anti-piracy measure than a search and rescue one. All countries honestly intend to help find the plane and bring closure to the families of those onboard, but it would be foolishly naive to think that military strategists and tacticians from all sides would miss exploiting such a prime intelligence-collecting opportunity. Once the plane is found, the militarization may not end, as disputes could easily arise over which country has the right to salvage the plane (if it indeed is now sunk under the ocean) and/or its black box and transponder. Depending upon where it would be located, the UN's Law of the Sea conventions may or may not apply, raising questions about both state territorial sovereignty and the right of affected states (in this case, principally China) to involve themselves in this undertaking. The end result of criticisms (no matter how justified) between China and the ASEAN states (including amongst themselves) will only serve to raise negative feelings among the populations throughout the region and undermine bilateral and/or multilateral trust. This can decrease regional integration procedures and ASEAN-Chinese diplomatic relations, opening the way for out-of-region states (such as foremost the US, then India and Japan) to exploit these rifts for their own long-term geopolitical advantages.