Sydney, Mar 30 (IBNS): The Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) on Sunday resumed the search for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 with the focus on an area of about 319,000 square kilometres based on a refined analysis by international air crash investigators, reports said.  The AMSA said on Sunday that it planned for 10 aircraft to be involved in the search in an area about 1,850 km west of Perth.  "Search activities today will involve a total of 10 aircraft. They include three Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) P3 Orions, a Japanese P3 Orion, a Chinese  People’s Liberation Army Air Force Ilyushin IL-76, a Republic of Korea P3 Orion, a United States Navy P8 Poseidon, two Malaysian Air Force C-130 Hercules and one civil jet acting as a communications relay," the AMSA said in a statement.  All ships in the search area are reportedly being tasked to locate and identify the objects sighted by aircraft over the past two days.  "A total of eight ships have also been tasked to today’s search," AMSA's statement said.  Friday’s search area for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 was shifted north of Australia's West Coast in the Indian Ocean after international air crash investigators in Malaysia updated their previous analysis of the likely aircraft movements, said AMSA amid reports of sightings of various floating objects.  Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein told reporters near Kuala Lumpur, however, that there was no new information of the objects sited floating in the Indian Ocean.  "I've got to wait to get the reports on whether they have retrieved those objects. Those will give us some indication," said Hishammuddin.  The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) assessed this update as credible, and advised AMSA of the new basis for a revised search area.  AMSA then applied the effects of weather and currents to develop Friday’s search area.  Five aircraft spotted multiple objects of various colours during Friday’s search.  The objects cannot be verified or discounted as being from MH370 until they are relocated and recovered by ships. It is not known how much flotsam, such as from fishing activities, is ordinarily there. At least one distinctive fishing object has been identified.  Earlier a Thai satellite had detected about 300 objects floating in the southern Indian Ocean near the search area for the aircraft, reports said.  Malaysia on Wednesday last had said new satellite images have detected 122 potential objects which might be related to the missing aircraft.  The objects were detected approximately 2,557 km from Perth in Australia.  Malaysian Minister Hishammuddin Hussein earlier said the Malaysian Remote Sensing Agency (MRSA) on Tuesday received the new satellite images that were taken on Mar 23 from Airbus Defence and Space in France.  Malaysian Airlines, the flag carrier airline of Malaysia, on Tuesday last confirmed that its flight MH370 is now lost for ever in the Southern Indian Ocean and there are no survivors.  The Malaysia Airlines flight, which was carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew and went missing since Mar 8.   To Post Your Comment On This Article Click There are no comments on this News.