To store was officially inaugurated at a ribbon cutting ceremony by Thomas Dotzek, Senior General Manager, Al-Futtaim Watches & Jewellery and Paul Delaoutre, President - Retail, Al-Futtaim Group on Wednesday 26th February. The event was also attended by other members and guests of the Al-Futtaim Watches & Jewellery team.Thomas Dotzek said: "The Watch House at Wafi Mall is unique and is the first of its kind in the UAE. The store layout consists of an aesthetically designed SIS concept for our luxury brands. Moreover, our store also has the state of the art LED lighting system tailored to highlight our products more. We are delighted that all of our stores located in major malls will soon be integrated with our latest store look and philosophy."The new concept store will be the first of many to incorporate the theme of Al-Futtaim Watches & Jewellery's store-in-store (SIS) concept for key luxury brands. This concept would allow major brands within the industry run personalised areas specific to themselves within the larger area of The Watch House. The store has also been designed to utilise a new prototype LED lighting system making it environmentally friendly.Currently, Al-Futtaim Watches & Jewellery are sole agents of global brands such as Seiko, Raymond Weil, Fossil, Esprit, Alba, Westar and Kolber. It also offers customers watches by Adidas, Puma, Emporio Armani, Casio, Guess, DKNY, Michael Kors, Skagen, Elle and Armani Exchange amongst others. In addition to these existing brands, the new outlet of The Watch House in Wafi Mall also introduces Bedat & Co., a Swiss made luxury brand exclusively for women, enhancing the quality of the existing portfolio. The new store layout design creates a seamless and satisfying experience for the customer, with clear definition between luxury and fashion brands."This new store is a testimony to our commitment towards offering world class brands and quality to our customers. We have designed it around specific needs of our consumers and hope to offer an experience unique only to The Watch House," added Thomas.The Watch House is available on Level 1, Wafi Mall and can be reached on +971 4 3885235.Al-Futtaim Watches & Jewellery, a company of Al Futtaim group is one of the leading retailer, wholesaler and brand principals of the world renowned watches and jewellery brands including Kolber, Seiko, Raymond Weil, Espirit, Fossil, Westar etc. in UAE, GCC, Europe, Singapore, Malaysia and Africa.The company is the sole agents of all Seiko Brands (since 1971) and Raymond Weil watches (since 1977).AFWJ are also the sole owners of 2 internationally known brands, Westar and Kolber.The company also has a varied portfolio of many internationally reputed brands such as Fossil, Esprit, Alfex, Adidas & Puma, we also retail some non-distribution brands like Emporio Armani, Casio, Guess, DKNY, Ingersol, Michael Kors, Armani Exchange, etc.The retail network of AFWJ includes currently 45 stores across UAE including Watch House, Al Futtaim Jewellery and Time Zone. All AFWJ stores are constantly being updated with latest trends in order to suit the audience we cater to and our exquisite portfolio of products are constantly increasing thereby satisfying every customer's needs and demands.Watch Works is a service facility for Al Futtaim watch brands. Here at watch works, we have a commitment to excellence that we want to share with you and your watch, our courteous and resourceful staff is ready to serve you in any capacity for your watch repair. Our qualified staff has over ten years' experience working in the field of watch repair. You are definitely in good hands here at Watch Works.The service network of AFWJ includes 10 workshops across UAE providing after sales service to all products sold by AFWJ stores. Our skilled and experienced service personnel ensure efficient delivery of services to all AFWJ customers.For more information, please contact: Nazneen YasinPR ManagerTel: +971 56 2162935Email: Nazneen.Yasin@gmasco.com