HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong police charged a British banker on Monday with killing two women, including an Indonesian whose body was found in a suitcase on the balcony of the man's upscale apartment, authorities said. The killings have shocked Hong Kong, an Asian financial hub with a reputation as a safe city with a low rate of violent crime.WAGAH, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistanis mourned on Monday for the victims of a massive suicide bombing near the border with India as the death toll from the explosion the previous day rose to 60, police said. The attack, for which a Taliban splinter faction claimed responsibility, was the deadliest to hit the country in over a year. In September 2013, a suicide bombing killed at least 85 people in a church in Peshawar province.WASHINGTON (AP) — A cyberattack similar to previous hacker intrusions from China penetrated computer networks for months at USIS, the government's leading security clearance contractor, before the company noticed, officials and others familiar with an FBI investigation and related official inquiries told The Associated Press. The breach, first revealed by the company and government agencies in August, compromised the private records of at least 25,000 employees at the Homeland Security Department and cost the company hundreds of millions of dollars in lost government contracts.CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — The shooting of a Shiite religious leader outside a Sydney prayer hall appeared to have been influenced by the Islamic State movement, Australia's prime minister said Tuesday. Rasoul Al Mousawi, 47, was blasted with a shotgun in the face and shoulder in a drive-by shooting outside the Husainiyah Nabi Akram Center in suburban Greenacre early Monday.CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — A day after saying a billboard advertisement highlighting climate change was too political for world leaders gathering in the Australian city of Brisbane for a major economic summit, local airport authorities said Tuesday that they had also rejected an ad highlighting corruption problems. Brisbane Airport Corp. confirmed Monday that a World Wildlife Fund ad asking leaders of wealthy and developing countries to put climate change on the agenda of their G20 summit next week had been banned because it had "political intent."KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (AP) — Attacks across Afghanistan, including the fatal shooting of a provincial deputy governor, killed five people as the country marked a major Shiite holiday, authorities said Monday. In southern Kandahar province, a gunman attacked Deputy Gov. Abdul Qadeem Patyall, shooting at him Sunday through the window of a classroom at Kandahar University, said Samim Khpolwak, a spokesman for the provincial governor. Patyall, who was studying to become a teacher, was seriously wounded and later died, Khpolwak said.MILAN (AP) — The body of an Indian waiter who was the last missing victim of the shipwrecked Costa Concordia cruise liner has been found by crews dismantling the vessel, authorities said Monday. The body was discovered by workers clearing debris from the ship in a passenger's cabin on the eighth deck, said Carabinieri commander Capt. Massimo Pittaluga. He said the victim was wearing a shirt that contained an identification card for missing crew member Russel Rebello.WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — In a story Oct. 25 about a Malaysian military officer facing sexual assault charges in New Zealand, The Associated Press erroneously reported the Malaysian foreign minister's name. It should have been Anifah Aman, not Kenyataan Akhbar. A corrected version of the story is below:DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Bangladesh's Supreme Court on Monday upheld the death sentence given to a senior Islamist leader convicted by a special tribunal last year for his role in mass killings and other atrocities during the country's 1971 independence war against Pakistan. The decision means 62-year-old Mohammad Qamaruzzaman, an assistant secretary general of Jamaat-e-Islami, Bangladesh's largest Islamist political party, will be hanged within months. He would be just the second person put to death since the tribunals were set up more than four years ago to try suspected war criminals.CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — A bid by environmentalists to confront world leaders with a digital billboard highlighting climate change has been thwarted by Brisbane airport authorities who deemed the message too political. Brisbane Airport will be the Australian gateway for leaders of 20 economies when they gather in the Queensland state capital next week for the annual G20 summit.BEIJING (AP) — A bus rolled over on one of the longest cross-sea bridges in the world on Monday, killing six people and injuring 43 others, Chinese state media and the bridge's management said. It was not immediately clear what caused the one-vehicle accident, said Li Hailiang, an employee at the Donghai Bridge Administration in the eastern Chinese city of Shanghai.Hundreds of thousands of camels, horses and cattle were brought to the huge annual cattle fair last week in Pushkar, in the western Indian state of Rajasthan. The fair and camel races draw foreign tourists as well as many Hindus to take a dip in Pushkar Lake, which they believe washes away their sins. ---In this photo by Kim Hong-Ji, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and South Korean President Park Geun-hye attend a welcoming ceremony at the Presidential Blue House in Seoul on Monday. During their meeting, Park said she hopes the king's visit will help boost bilateral cooperation, while the king voiced his surprise at the economic achievements South Korea has made over the past decades, according to South Korean media pool reports posted on the website of Park's office. The president's office has said the king's two-day trip is in reciprocation for Park's visit to the Netherlands to attend a nuclear summit last March.WASHINGTON (AP) — Big Republican gains on Election Day would be a blow to much of President Barack Obama's agenda, but one stymied item on his to-do list might get a fresh chance to move forward: trade. That could breathe life into Asia-Pacific trade talks essential to his efforts to deepen engagement in the region. Obama needs special authority, known as fast track, to negotiate trade deals that Congress can accept or reject, but cannot change. It would smooth the way for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is under discussion with 11 nations, and help advance separate negotiations with the 28-member European Union.KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has decided to drop his tribal name of Ahmadzai and has asked all government departments and media to use his family name only. A letter was sent last week by the Presidential Palace's administrative affairs office to all government departments telling them to drop "Ahmadzai" from official documentation, deputy palace spokesman Fayeq Wahidi said. The president had signed the letter, he said.