Last week’s  signing of the “Comprehensive Agreement on the Bangsamoro” between the Aquino government and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front was by far the most significant development in the effort to end the 17-year-old MILF insurgency in Mindanao.  But by no means was it the final step.  So much more needs to be done.   President B. S. Aquino III will have to make sure that support for it at least among Muslims is “inclusive,” and that the nation as a whole will not have to pay  for it much more than what it hopes to gain from it.Congress will now have to enact the Basic Law creating the Bangsamoro political entity that would replace the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao, which was created by Organic Law in 1989 and came under the control of the Moro National Liberation Front in 1996.  A plebiscite—hopefully an honest one---will have to ascertain what areas would like to be part of the new political entity.  The MILF “forces”  will have to be decommissioned, and the appropriate security units put in place. Every detail of the project will have to  survive the test of constitutionality should anyone challenge it before the Supreme Court.  And no new insurgent group  should replace the MILF, as happened in 1977 when the MILF first emerged after the government concluded the Tripoli Agreement with the MNLF in 1976. Only when all the agreements shall have been fully implemented, and the parties shall have signed an “exit agreement “can we say peace has been achieved.But the “comprehensive agreement” unveiled in Malacanang on Thursday contains no comprehensive details of the purported agreement. What it contains instead is  a simple recounting of  12 documents the two Parties had signed from 1997 when the GPH and the MILF first began to talk peace.  These include:1. Agreement for the General Cessation of Hostilities signed on 18 July 1997 in Cagayan de Oro;2. General Framework of Agreement of Intent between the  GPH and the MILF signed on 27 August 1998 in Sultan Kudarat, Maguindanao;3. Agreement on the General Framework on the Resumption of Peace Talks signed on 24 March 2001 in Kuala Lumpur;4. Agreement on Peace between the GPH and the MILF signed on 22 June 2001 in Tripoli, Libya;5. Declaration of Continuity for Peace Negotiations between the GPH and the MILF signed on 3 June 2010 in Kuala Lumpur;6. GPH-MILF Decision Points on Principles as of April 2012 signed on 24 April 2012 in Kuala Lumpur;7. Framework Agreement on the Bangsmoro initialed on 12 October 2012 in Kuala Lumpur and signed on 15 October 2012 in Manila;8. Annex on Transitional Arrangements and Modalities signed on 13 July 2013 in Kuala Lumpur;9. Annex on Revenue Generation and Wealth Sharing signed on 13 July 2013 in Kuala Lumpur;11. Annex on Normalization signed on 25 January 2014 in Kuala Lumpur;12. Addendum on the Bangsamoro Waters and Zones of Joint Cooperation signed on 25 January 2014 in Kuala Lumpur.There are 16  signatories to the five-page (short bond) document. Five are  members of the Philippine negotiating panel headed by Miriam Coronel Ferrer. Six are members of the MILF panel headed by Mohagher Iqbal. Five are witnesses, including  Aquino,  Malaysian Prime Minister Dato Sri Hj MohdNajib Bintuan Hj Abdul Razak, Malaysian facilitator Tengku Dato Shafar Tengku Mohamed, MILF Chair Al Haj Murad Ebrahim, and Teresita Quintos-Deles, presidential adviser on the Peace Process.Nearly the whole of the third page is devoted to a profuse acknowledgment of the roles played by foreign governments, non-governmental organizations, and individuals, as well as the international community and local and national civil society organizations “for the steadfast support that they have extended to the peace process in their different capacities.”  On the whole, the document reads like a joint communiqué issued at the end of a conference rather than a “comprehensive agreement.”  It is nothing but a covering document of a compilation of existing documents, including the Framework Agreement (FA) and all its Annexes.While the Parties “commit to honor, respect and implement” all past “agreements,”  the first such agreement, which the Ramos administration entered into in 1997,  was abandoned when then-President Joseph Ejercito Estrada launched his “all-out war” on the MILF and the military completely overran “Camp Abubakar” in 1998. Upon resumption of peace talks under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo,  the MILF got back Abubakar. But  that did not revive the dead agreement, and its inclusion in the CAB  does not do that either.From October 2012 to January this year, critics as well as supporters of the peace agreement have pointed out the most obvious flaws of the FA and its Annexes. These include: the lack of any reference to the Constitution as the ultimate authority on the validity of the agreement; certain ambiguities in the definition of the Bangsmoro core territory, which could affect other areas outside; the apparent incongruity  created by a “ministerial government” for an autonomous “federal state-like” region within the unitary  presidential system; the apparent contradiction between an autonomous Bangsamoro police force  and the constitutionally-mandated  single police force that is “national in scope and civilian in character;” the  preferential wealth-sharing arrangement which does not apply to any other region, particularly in the exploration, development and utilization of natural resources such  metallic minerals and fossil fuels (petroleum, natural gas, and coal).Critics as well as supporters of the agreement were hoping these “flaws” and ambiguities would be corrected in the CAB.   But there was  no such attempt.  The agreement still contains no reference to the Constitution as the controlling document. The Annex on Transitional Arrangements and Modalities still says  the Transition Commission (TC) shall “work on proposals to amend the Philippine Constitution for the purpose of accommodating and entrenching in the Constitution the agreements of the Parties whenever necessary, without derogating from any prior peace agreements.”  The FA still says the TC shall draft the Basic Law, which  “shall be consistent with all agreements of the Parties,” and submit it to the President, who shall then send it to Congress for enactment.The FA still defines the Bangsamoro territory to include not only  the present geographical area of the ARMM, which includes Lanao del Sur, Sulu, Tawi Tawi, Basilan and Marawi City, but also certain barangays in Lanao del Norte that voted for inclusion in the ARMM during the 2001 plebiscite (but could not be included because membership in the ARMM is not by barangay but by province or city); and the cities of Cotabato and Isabela which have consistently voted against inclusion in the ARMM in previous plebiscites.The Addendum on Bangsamoro Waters and Zones of Joint Cooperation still says that the Bangsamoro waters “shall extend to 22.224 kms (12 nautical miles) from the low water mark of the coasts that are part of the Bangsmoro territory” and shall be “part of the territorial jurisdiction of the Bangsamoro political entity.”   The Local Government Code and the Fisheries Code  define the limits of municipal waters to only 15 kms from the coastline.  The UN Law of the Sea on the other hand uses the 12-nautical mile limit to measure the territorial sea over which states exercise their sovereignty.Making the Constitution conform to the FA rather than the other way round, and dictating upon  Congress what it can do and not do  in the Basic Law unnecessarily vitiate the character of the peace agreement.   But Aquino’s handlers have promised him the Nobel Peace Prize,  and this is more important than peace itself, or anything else in the world. He will allow nothing to stand in its way.  Whatever the Constitution will allow or will not allow,  he seems determined to open up the  whole of Bangsamoro as well as the rest of the country to the unrestricted ownership by foreign companies of land, public utilities and the exploitation and development of  mineral resources. Thus  the unseemly noises being heard from Speaker Feliciano Belmonte Jr., seasoned with Aquino’s phony opposition, about a constituent assembly (con ass) proposing amendments to  the “economic provisions” of the Constitution  to allow a new regime of “parity rights” for all foreigners in the Philippines.  The whole nation is being played in a massive and spectacular fraud.One more objection has to do with the creation of a “ministerial” autonomous regional government,  proper to a parliamentary/federal system, within the unitary presidential system. This has not been tried before. With sufficient goodwill and resolve,  it could probably be made to work, if the Supreme Court finds nothing unconstitutional in it. It could even serve as a working model for those who believe that the nation’s future lies in a parliamentary government.But what needs to be more thoroughly examined is the situation created by  a “confessional” (Islamic) autonomous regional government within the large secular State whose Constitution mandates the “separation” of Church and State.” Both in theory and in practice, there is no such separation in Islam, which believes in one seamless universe.  How then is the Bangsamoro to exist, without violating the  constitutional “separation” mandate?The MNLF had threatened earlier to challenge the validity of the CAB before the United Nations and the Supreme Court.  That threat may have receded with  the change in MNLF leadership from its founding chairman Nur Misuari, who is now a fugitive from justice, to the former vice chairman, Abul Khayr Alonto, who has taken over years after he had left the organization to make peace with the government, before Misuari signed the Tripoli Agreement with the Marcos government in 1976.  The Alonto leadership has embraced the CAB without any reservations.Refusing to be coopted, the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters, a breakaway faction of the MILF, threatens  continued warfare, despite a number of  armed incidents that had already cost them lives.  This could prove to be more sound than fury, more bark than bite, with the apparent drying up of financial resources to support such operations.Yet one problem remains. This is the suspicion, rapidly evolving into an apparent belief,  that Aquino has sold out to Malaysia on the Sabah issue as the price of its  involvement in packaging the “peace agreement“ that could make Aquino the first Filipino Nobel Peace Prize awardee.  Ignore the unsubstantiated talk of a $ 1-billion lobby coursed through one of Malaysia’s sultans to iron out the deal. But focus on the circumstantial evidence.Under  Tun Haji Abdul Razak bin Haji Dato’ Hussein, prime minister from 1970 to 1976,  Malaysia supported the MNLF insurgency, providing arms, training and funds for the Moro mujahideen--- to destabilize the Manila government and prevent it from pursuing its Sabah claim.  Under the incumbent Prime Minister Najib Razak, Tun Razak’s son, Malaysia shifted its support to the MILF and became the chief “facilitator” of the Aquino-MILF deal.  No explanation of any kind was ever heard from any source how this came about.  Aquino visited Malaysia without saying a single word to Razak about Sabah, and Razak came to Manila twice to witness two signings related to the Bangsamoro, without saying one word about it either.Razak was at Malacanang last Thursday to witness the ceremonial signing, even as many thought he should have stayed home, in Putrajaya or Kuala Lumpur, waiting for some breaking news about the missing Malaysian airline flight 370, with its 239 people on board, which had disappeared without a trace on its flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8. To many observers, this was the clearest proof that something more important than finding out the truth about the unprecedented air tragedy was at stake in meeting with B. S. III and his sister Kris Aquino,  and that Malaysia, not the Bangsamoro or anybody else, was the biggest winner in this deal.But what happens if chief negotiator Miriam Coronel Ferrer is the one nominated for the Nobel, instead of Aquino?