A representative of the Chinese relatives of Flight MH370 passengers wants Malaysians to know that they are not protesting against the country“We are aware of the anti-Malaysia sentiments on the Internet,” said Steve Wang, whose mother was on board the aircraft which disappeared on March 8 on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. “What we want is to hold the Malaysian government and military, and Malaysia Airlines accountable. “But we never meant to harbour hatred towards Malaysians, who suffered losses, too,” said the unofficial spokesman of the Chinese families’ committee here. Wang said they would accept it if plane debris and passengers were found. “Most of us are rational people but we need proof,” he added. On being “angry and aggressive”, Wang said it was because they were helpless. “We hoped what we did would put pressure on the Malaysian government to provide us with a logical explanation,” he said. The families have also been requesting to hear directly from aircraft manufacturer Boeing, engine maker Rolls-Royce and satellite firm Inmarsat. “We want proof to show that MH370 has indeed ended in the southern Indian Ocean. “But right now, the conclusion is just based on an analysis derived from a mathematical calculation. “The result has been proven to be not absolute when the search area was moved following a further data analysis. “We want Inmarsat to explain their calculation to us, fine-tune the analyses and identify a more accurate location,” he said. On his personal agony, Wang said in the first few weeks, he could only sleep for one to two hours before waking with a start. “I would then go through the news frantically to see if there were any updates, and then fall asleep again before waking up just one or two hours later,” said the 25-year-old Beijing native. He reiterated the families’ dire need to find out the “truth” from Malaysia. “We want to know why the military had not intercepted the aircraft when it turned back to the peninsula but let it fly on. This is really odd,” said Wang. While a high-level Malaysian delegation had repeatedly told the families that an investigation was underway, the families kept insisting that there could be clues here that would help locate the lost Boeing 777. Some 400 family members of the 153 Chinese passengers have been staying in five hotels here while briefings with the Malaysian team are held at Lido Hotel.