Residents fear new expressway will cost them their homesFoong is unsure how long she will be allowed to live in her home. — Picture by Puqtra HairryPETALING JAYA, April 7 — Longtime residents in Petaling Jaya are shocked to discover that their homes could be demolished to make way for a highway project which will link Damansara and Puchong.More than 300 plots of land are expected to be taken up by the proposed Kinrara-Damansara Expressway (Kidex), with many affected residents claiming they have not been notified.They said the only information they had was by word of mouth.Foong Yuan Theng, 75, was shocked to find out that her house in Section 19 could be one of the plots to be acquired.“I have lived in this house from 1973, I have nowhere else to go,” the retiree told Malay Mail.Foong feels like she is living on borrowed time as she does not know how much longer she can live in her house.“There were no notices from the authorities to inform residents like me about the project. We have no confirmation that our homes would be taken away. We are worried,” she said.“I have put in all of my hard work into this house and it is unfair of them to do this.”Alice Chia, 35, from Section 14, is also afraid she and her husband would lose their home.“We purchased this house barely a year ago for our three children, only to find out it might be taken away,” she said.Chia claims her husband, David Lee, 38, found it hard to accept that their dream house, which was only recently renovated, could be taken away.“We put all our savings into this home. Where can we go with our three children now?” the housewife asked.Chia and her husband bought their home barely a year ago. — Picture by Puqtra HairryChia also confirmed she did not receive any notice from the authorities on the project.“How do we know how long we have to stay here? We need to prepare ourselves if we are required to move out and we can’t do it on short notice,” she said.Alice Flora Gurubatham, 85, has lived in her home in PJS4 since 1957 and the idea of moving out saddens her deeply. Alice says their house has been home to four generations of her family. — Picture by Puqtra Hairry“I am very sad that this is happening. This house has been home to four generations of my family,” she said.“I do not want the compensation, I just want my home.”Esther Manorajintham, 87, said there was nowhere for her and her son to go if their home had to make way for the project.“When my husband passed away eight years ago, he handed this house over to my son, who now takes care of me,” she said.“Compensation wouldn’t mean anything because where else can we find and purchase a house like ours?”