The KL Alternative Bookfest and Art for Grabs was definitely not your average book fair, and we mean that in the best possible way.WHEN it comes to mainstream book fairs, size and spectacle often seem to be the order of the day. Rival bookstores all seek to outdo each other with the scope and scale of their events, often offering thousands of square metres of exhibition space as well as gimmicks and sales promotions aplenty to draw in customers.The recent KL Alternative Bookfest (KLAB) 2014 and Art for Grabs, thankfully, was nothing like this.Comprising about 40 stalls confined within two medium-sized halls in the Central Market Annexe, the KLAB proved to be more of an intimate, bare-bones kind of bookfest. And to many, this is, and always has been, its charm.“It’s not so much about the selling of stuff as the selling of ideas here. You go to other more commercialised bazaars, they’re more oriented towards things. Here, you can talk to people,” said Gerai OA (orang asli) coordinator Reita Rahim, who manned a stall during KLAB.“It’s easier to find stuff here. Other events I’ve attended can get so huge, you get so overwhelmed. Plus, this place sells books that are more my taste,” a visitor who wanted only to be known as Gary commented.And ideas were certainly aplenty here: It seemed that everywhere you turned, you were greeted by some new wonder. Arts For Grabs was abuzz with craft and creativity, with artisans from all over the city offering their wares for sale: Postcards featuring dinosaurs at rock concerts; handcrafted wooden lightboxes decorated with the facades of rustic grocery shops; handmade soaps side by side with tribal beads; plush figurines, or soft sculptures, with eyes of beads and embroidered hands.In one booth, a poet asked for three words, which she turned into a personalised poem, typewriting it on a school exercise book page.Reading material was also in rich supply, of course.The KLAB, which was sponsored by publisher Amir Muhammad’s Buku Fixi imprint, offered a rich variety of books from many local alternative and indie publishers. It also played host to book launches from publishers such as Lejen Press, Roman Buku and SeLUT Press. True to the non-mainstream nature of the event, these weren’t your run-of-the-mill stories: no love stories in exotic locales or colonial histories here. These were books with bite, with many touching on crime, horror or politics.Take Buku Fixi’s book launches, for example. Suspek by Inawza Yusof, Kacau by Ariff Adly, Pinjam by Anuar Shah, Siong by M. Faiz Syahmi and Neesa Jamal, and Babyrina by RidhwanSaidi, published by Moka Mocha Ink – five books, each with a single-word title, with subject matter ranging from vengeful spirits to murderous cults to a criminal with an obsession with a porn star.Despite the sinister tone of the books, however, Buku Fixi’s collective launch was a mostly light-hearted affair, with interesting tidbits about each title being shared. Discussions with the authors revealed, for example, that Kacau’s original title was actually Seru, and that the original draft of Siong contained “excessive sexuality”.If that didn’t make you want to check out these novels, nothing would!Also entertaining was DuBook Press’s book launch: the collective of writers making up Dubook Setiakawan appeared for a light-hearted discussion on their anthology Rage Rage Rage, while prominent blogger Obefiend promoted his book, FOA.Obefiend gamely answered questions about his life and his writing, sharing how his book is frequently mistaken for a prayer book (FOA being rather close to doa, the Malay word for prayer) as well as telling the audience how a misunderstanding about some blog comments led to him once getting in trouble with the law.KLAB also featured “NGOS in the Loft”; street library collective Buku Jalanan joined forces with NGO Merdeka KL for an exhibition themed “The Freedom to Write in Malaysia”. The collective was responsible for one of the book fair’s most exciting moments, as they staged a “raid” by the “Home Ministry” in conjunction with their forums on book banning and freedom of expression.“We are glad to see that everyone was united against the confiscation of reading materials,” the group later posted on its Facebook page.Human rights NGO Suaram (Suara Rakyat Malaysia) also presented an exhibition centred on the theme of deaths in police custody.The Bookfest also saw some theatre, with a performance of Surat Buat Kekasih (Letters For A Lover) by the Pujangga Gila Theatre company. Also screened was a documentary, Kudaku Tidak Rela Mati, directed by Norhayati Kaprawi, which features the myths and misconceptions behind the mysterious kuda kepang dance.This led to a fascinating discussion on the conflict between religion and culture, and the rights of the state to curtail freedom of worship.One of the Bookfest highlights was “Books They Forgot to Ban”, a live edition of a local radio programme. Panellists Tessa J. Houghton, Sharaad Kuttan, Pang Khee Teik and Ahmad Fuad Rahmat engaged in a lively discussion about Malaysia’s reading culture, and recommended books they felt offered the conceptual tools and awareness to see the country in a more progressive light.KLAB ended with a screening of Malaysian Shorts, which featured eight short films by Malaysian directors. Featuring rib-tickling comedies, heavily atmospheric dramas, and even one highly quirky slice-of-life documentary, the screening was an elegant way to end the event.While the Bookfest was generally quite an eclectic delight, it was not without its problems.The Central Market Annexe was swelteringly hot at times, due to major issues with air conditioning. This was especially evident in the area’s stage, with authors and presenters often sweating profusely under the bright stage lights, and not from stage fright.Another small issue was provision of information. While the Bookfest’s programme was listed in the event’s Facebook page, there were no pamphlets or display areas at the venue itself offering any sort of information on events, which would have been a lot more convenient.Despite these nit picks, however, the KLAB was generally a highly enjoyable affair.“This is the 7th KLAB, and one of the most successful. Almost all events were full, and we had somewhere between 1,000 to 1,500 people. We also had between 15 to 20 publishers of books and zines, some of whom were joining for the first time,” said event organiser Amir Muhammad.Asked about the future of the event, Amir referenced the venue’s heat problems.“(My hopes are) for Central Market to finally fix the air-conditioning. We have been asking for months. If this doesn’t happen, the next KLAB will take place somewhere else,” he said.Keep an eye on the Reads pages in Star2 and the online Books section at www.thestar.com.my/lifestyle, we’ll keep you informed if there’s a change of venue.