A delegation, led by the chairman of a prominent construction company of Malaysia, Datu Muhammad Saleem Bin Fateh Din, met Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif on Sunday.According to a handout, Zain Bin Potay, Rashpal Singh Jaswant, Abdul Hameed Muhammad Hussain, Additional Chief Secretary Energy and Chairman Punjab Investment Board were also present on the occasion. The Malaysian delegation expressed interest in investment in infrastructure and energy sectors.The chief minister said the Pakistan Muslim League-N government had provided a favourable atmosphere for foreign investment in the province and the confidence of foreign investors had been restored due to solid economic policies of the government. He said that special attention was being paid to develop infrastructure and energy sectors. The chief minister also welcomed the interest shown by the Malaysian group for investment in infrastructure and energy sectors. Chairman of the Malaysian group Datu Muhammad Saleem Bin Fateh Din said that he was deeply impressed with the development vision of Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif.British delegation: A delegation led by British city Waltham Forest Mayor Nadeem Ali has said held a meeting with Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif and said that Punjab had made unprecedented progress under the leadership of Shahbaz Sharif. The delegates said they were pleased to see the rapid progress in the province. They said the metro bus project was of international standard. They said the active and dynamic leadership of Shahbaz Sharif had changed the map of Punjab with regard to development.condolences: Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has offered condolences on the death of Allama Muhammad Iqbal Azhar, a prominent Khateeb and Jamiat-e-Ulema Pakistan central deputy general secretary.Meanwhile, the chief minister expressed grief over the death of renowned industrialist Mian Muhammad Ilyas, father of Mian Khurram Ilyas, senior vice-chairman of Lahore Township Industrial Association. In his separate messages, the chief minister prayed may Allah rest the departed souls in eternal peace and grant strength to the bereaved families to bear the irreparable losses with fortitude.ex-governor: Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif inquired after former Punjab Governor Shahid Hamid at Fatima Memorial Hospital on Sunday. According to a handout, the chief minister remained with Shahid Hamid for some time and prayed for his early recovery.