Nasserist politician Hamdeen Sabahi talked to Ahram Online earlier this week about his view that the presidential election is another step towards the fulfilment of the 2011 revolution.In the interview, conducted before Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi resigned from his post as head of the armed forces to join the race, Sabahi talks about his decision to run for the presidency, his presidential platform, his views on the post-30 June political context and what he thinks the role of the army should be.Sabahi came third in the 2012 presidential elections after the Muslim Brotherhood’s Mohamed Morsi and the Hosni Mubarak-era prime minister Ahmed Shafiq.He was also a leading opposition figure under Mohamed Morsi, being one of the main founding members of the opposition coalition the National Salvation Front which played a major role in Morsi’s ouster.He is presented by his campaign as the pro-revolution candidate.ON ELECTION FAIRNESS AND THE POTENTIAL FOR A BOYCOTTAhram Online: Why did you decide to run for the presidential elections despite reservations you have been outspoken about regarding the context and fairness of the elections?Hamdeen Sabahi: The reason is that I have taken part in a great revolution that I believe must reach power. Since it hasn’t during the revolution and after it removed two heads of the regime (Hosni Mubarak and Mohamed Morsi) — power was transferred to an interim authority not to the revolution — it makes it an incomplete revolution. The way for it to reach power is through elections.I believe that the country’s new generations got engaged with the revolution and have a project to fulfill. They have the right to find in these elections the person they see as representing the revolution, its speech and goals.It is not possible for us to leave the coming elections to become a referendum with only one candidate running. This does not create a democratic system.However, I am against immunisation [of the Presidential Elections Committee from appeals]. My stance remains the same, but I also realise that democracy in a country like Egypt will be accomplished when we get into battles to win. Not just battles over what to include in the constitution, but battles on the ground.Although the immunisation [of PEC] leaves much doubt regarding the fairness of the elections, I think that our power on the ground, with us keen on obtaining fair elections, will influence the balance of power. It is the power of the people that will force fair elections. The people are willing through this battle to defend fair elections.There are several more stages to come. If what started with immunisation continues — like, for example, limiting our ability to collect signatures or contact people, or being confronted by the state’s iron fist working for the benefit of a certain candidate — we will then need to reassess [our choice to participate]. If we find that we are struggling in circumstances that would allow us democratic elections we will continue, but if we find circumstances similar to that of 2010 (the November parliamentary elections)*, which goes beyond the limit of the kind of fraud we expect and are mindful of in Egypt, we will then reconsider our current stand.