Malaysia's department of civil aviation has confirmed that two passengers with false passports holding tickets booked from China Southern Airlines boarded the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 and that authorities are now looking at four possible cases of suspected identities. The Boeing 777 plane traveling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, carrying 239 people including 153 Chinese citizens and a Taiwanese national, lost contact with air traffic control at 1:20am on Saturday, 40 minutes after takeoff.  A frantic search across the South China Sea has so far provided no answers, with the airline admitting it is now fearing the worst. Investigators are examining the entire passenger manifest after it was discovered that two of the 227 passengers may have been traveling on stolen passports.  The allegation was confirmed by Malaysian Department of Civil Aviation director-general Azharuddin Abdul Rahman at a press conference on Sunday after reviews of closed-circuit television records.  The two passport owners, Italian Luigi Maraldi and Austrian Christian Kozel, were not on the flight and are reportedly safe and well.  Maraldi had his passport stolen in Thailand last year and Kozel's was stolen in the region two years ago. Two people named as Maraldi and Kozel had booked their flights together with China Southern, which was codesharing MH370 with Malyasia Airlines, according to Chinese media reports. Malaysian defense minister Hishamuddin Hussein added that two more names are being checked and that he will be working with the FBI and other international agencies to investigate the matter. "All the four names are with me and have been given to our intelligence agencies," Hishammuddin said.  "We do not want to target only the four; we are investigating the whole passenger manifest.  We are looking at all possibilities. "Malaysian authorities said the search has been expanded to its western coast, the opposite side of the peninsula where the plane was last sighted after radar recordings suggested that the plane could have turned back towards Kuala Lumpur before it disappeared. Vietnam also said in a statement that planes from its air force spotted two large oil slicks between six and nine miles off the southern tip of Vietnam, which are believed to be consistent with fuel left by a crashed jet. China's president, Xi Jinping, has ordered "all-out efforts" on a rescue operation and urged officials to strength contacts with counterparts in Malaysia and other countries to take all measures necessary, reports China's official Xinhua news agency. Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi also told reporters in Beijing: "We are extremely worried.  The news is very disturbing. "