SARIKEI: Chinese youth especially holders of Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM) are encouraged to join the Royal Malaysia Police. This will create a balance and healthy police force for the good of the service, community and country. Deputy police chief here DSP Dominic Josip, in giving this message, said the police had decided to loosen the qualifying requirements to allow more Chinese youths to join the force as police constables. The police were also embarking on an aggressive promotional exercise to attract Chinese youth to apply for the posts, he said at a dialogue session with representatives of local United Chinese Association (UCA) at the police headquarters here yesterday. “I hope that the local Chinese non-governmental organisations (NGOs) would help us spread this message to the Chinese youths in their midst. “The number of Chinese in the force has made it difficult to place Chinese-speaking personnel at the counter to record reports or complaints lodged by members of the community,” he said. A balanced community representation in the force would also help address problem faced by the personnel in applying for leave during festive season, he added. On salary, Dominic considered the salary scale as quite attractive and competitive compared with other services of the same grades in both the private and government sectors.  A constable has a starting monthly salary of RM1,014 together with incentive of between RM115 and RM200 and housing allowance of RM275 (Peninsular Malaysia). Chinese youth below 28 years of age are encouraged to come to the police headquarters for the application forms. Alternatively, they can download the application forms from www. rmp. gov. my. Completed application forms must be returned to the District Police Headquarters for transmission to Unit Pengambilan, Bukit Aman in Kuala Lumpur. Meanwhile, chairman of UCA Sarikei, Chieng Kiong Ung said he would meet principals of various secondary schools here to seek their assistance to disseminate the message to the eligible students. 