The MoU between the political rivals was signed by Selangor Mentri Besar Tan Sri Khalid Ibrahim (right) and Energy, Water and Green Technology Minister Datuk Seri Dr Maximus Ongkili.  — Picture courtesy of Selangor Mentri Besar’s officeKUALA LUMPUR, March 11 — Putrajaya said it will start exercising its powers to aid the Selangor state government in taking over three water utility firms in the state, signalling that it will not hesitate to compulsorily acquire them. WIth the three out four water concessionaires declining the Selangor administration’s multi-billion offer at the end of the deadline yesterday, Putrajaya said today it will honour its commitment to the February 26 deal with Selangor. Citing the memorandum of understanding (MoU), the Ministry of Energy, Green Technology and Water (KeTTHA) said it would now employ its rights and powers under the Water Services and Industry Act (WSIA) 2006 to help the Selangor government restructure the state’s water industry. In a joint statement with the Selangor Mentri Besar’s Office, the ministry said its use of the powers would include the use of Section 114 of the same law, which it said would be necessary to “address issues of national interest to ensure security, sustainability and viability of the water supply industry in Selangor, Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya”. In a meeting this afternoon between the KeTTHA Minister Datuk Seri Dr Maximus Johnity Ongkili and Selangor Mentri Besar Tan Sri Abdul Khalid Ibrahim, the former “reaffirmed his commitment” to help the state take over the water industry there, the statement said. Under the MoU signed by Khalid and Ongkili last month, Selangor made a RM9. 65 billion ringgit offer to take over the operations of four water concessionaires — Syarikat Bekalan Air Selangor Bhd (Syabas), Puncak Niaga Sdn Bhd (PNSB), Konsortium Abbas Sdn Bhd and Syarikat Pengeluar Air Selangor Holdings Bhd (Splash). But by 5pm yesterday, Syabas, Puncak and Splash had turned down the offer while ABASS was the sole firm to accept Selangor’s offer, the joint statement said. While Splash rejected the offer outright, Puncak Niaga and its subsidiary, Syabas, said they were willing to “consider” the state’s offer subject to several conditions. These conditions include a higher return on equity of 15 per cent instead of 12 per cent and the full payment of the disputed compensation for the non-increase in water tariff hikes by the state government. The two companies have also rejected the due diligence by the state government on Puncak Niaga and Syabas assets and refused to go through international arbitration in the event of disagreements over the appropriate return of equity. Puncak Niaga Holdings Bhd controls two water concessions, which are PNSB, a water treatment plant operator, and Syabas that has the mandate to distribute water in the state, Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya. Puncak Niaga is the biggest water treatment operator in Selangor by virtue of its 100 per cent ownership of PNSB and its 70 per cent interest in Syabas. Splash is 40 per cent controlled by Gamuda, 30 per cent by KPS and another 30 per cent by the Sweetwater Alliance Sdn Bhd. The fourth water treatment concessionaire is Konsortium Abass, which is almost wholly-owned by KPS, which in turn is a 57. 9 per cent subsidiary of KDEB. Under the same February 26 MoU, Selangor has in turn agreed to approve the development order for the planned Langat 2 water treatment plant and ensure all necessary approvals would be given within 30 days from February 26. Water supply in Selangor has been a contentious issue since the state fell to Pakatan Rakyat in Election 2008, with the residents experiencing repeated supply outages that the state administration alleged were due to sabotage by the rival Barisan Nasional coalition. 