KUCHING: Routes Asia convention of international tourism players is set to be a catalyst that can contribute much to the development of the (tourism) industry in this region. Tourism Minister Datuk Amar Abang Johari Tun Openg said industry players including airlines not only network with each other but also share their experience on their respective airline routes during the convention or development forum. He said that following such convention, airlines activities of all the participating countries would normally be intensified. “Routes Asia has changed the landscape of tourism sector of countries in Asia and it has contributed much to their respective national economy,” he said at the Networking evening and Routes Asia Award 2014 dinner here on Monday. Abang Johari, who is also Housing Minister, was representing Chief Minister Tan Sri Datuk Amar Adenan Satem to officiate at the event which was attended by about 1,000 people.  Among the VIPs were State Secretary Tan Sri Datuk Amar Mohd Morshidi Abdul Ghani, Malaysian Airports Holdings Bhd chairman Tan Sri Dr Wan Abdul Aziz Wan Abdullah, permanent secretary to the Ministry of Tourism Datu Ik Pahon Joyik and Sarawak Tourism Board CEO Datuk Rashid Khan. Abang Johari also said the convention (Routes Asia 2014) was the biggest ever being organised here so far. The three-day event, which started on March 9, was also the 12th Routes Asia convention. “The timing of the event here is apt because the state is exploring cooperation in the aviation industry with many countries,” he said, adding that India and China had the influence to change the economic landscape in the region. Ten Asean countries with a total population of 600 million people were working together to improve the industry. By next year (2015), Asean is set to become a more integrated economic community following the Aviation open sky policy. “Tourism industry players are therefore advsied to look at the opportunities afforded by the open sky policy and also the impact it will have on their respective countries which may include rising income and consumption. ”With the changing economic landscape following the open sky policy, he hoped that Routes Asia participants could further explore and intensify their cooperation. Meanwhile, Abu Dhabi International Airport was declared the Route Asia 2014 Overall winner.  Its account manager Sarosh Bhatti and its Route Development senior officer Mohamed K Alrumaithi received the award from Abang Johari and presenter Katy Bland of UBM live London. Winners in other categories are as follows: Over 20 Million Passengers went to Changi Airport Group; Four to 20 million passengers – Abu Dhabi International Airport; Under four million passengers – Darwin International Airport and; Destination Marketing Award – Tourism Australia. 