The head of the Met Police has said sorry to the families of three girls missing in Syria after they failed to receive a letter intended for them.  Source: BBCPresident Nicolas Maduro was seeking special decree powers from Venezuela's parliament on Tuesday in response to new U. S.  sanctions, drawing opposition protests of a power-grab.  Source: ReutersISIS has smashed priceless ancient statues in Mosul, bulldozed the ruins of Nineveh and Hatra, and dynamited centuries-old churches, mosques and shrines.  Source: CNNIts revamped community standards now include a separate section on "dangerous organisations" and give more details about what types of nudity it allows to be posted.  Source: BBCRelations between Germany and Greece reached a new low on Sunday evening when Yanis Varoufakis, the Greek finance minister, was forced to deny “giving the finger” to Germany in a two-year-old YouTube video.  Source: The GuardianMore than 45,000 Russian troops as well as war planes and submarines started military exercises across much of the country on Monday in one of the Kremlin's biggest shows of force since its ties with the West plunged to Cold War-lows.  Source: ReutersThe animals are renowned for their lovable appearance but despite their placid, bamboo-chewing image they are members of the bear family and have a fearsome bite.  Source: The TelegraphEmbattled Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pledged Monday that a Palestinian state will not be established if he is re-elected, as part of frantic last-minute campaigning ahead of parliamentary elections.  Source: Associated PressRussian President Vladimir Putin has laughed off speculation about his health after making his first appearance in public since 5 March.  Source: BBCThe US secretary of state, John Kerry, and his Iranian counterpart, Mohammad Javad Zarif, have resumed nuclear talks in the Swiss city of Lausanne to try to narrow the gaps before a 31 March deadline for a political agreement.  Source: The GuardianSyrian President Bashar al-Assad dismissed on Monday remarks made by U. S.  Secretary of State John Kerry that Assad should be included in negotiations to reach a political transition, saying "declarations from outside do not concern us".  Source: ReutersSameem Sulaiman agreed to speak to CNN, but not once during the interview did he make eye contact, or even look up, unwilling to speak directly to a woman.  Details: CNNAs a radical new two-string violin goes on display in New York, Clemency Burton-Hill looks at some more odd instruments, from the octobass to the theremin.  Photos: BBCFrench investigators confirmed that they had found traces of Andreas Lubitz’s body among the crash debris high in the mountains where the wreckage of the downed Airbus A320 - en route to Dusseldorf from Barcelona - fell.  Source: The TelegraphProfessor Martha Morris, a nutritional epidemiologist of the Rush University Medical Centre in Chicago, said: ' One of the more exciting things about this is that people who adhered even moderately to the MIND diet had a reduction in their risk for Alzheimer's disease.  Source: The Daily MailIran-allied Houthi militiamen pushed into the northeastern outskirts of the Yemeni port city of Aden on Monday amid heavy clashes with loyalists of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi apparently backed by Saudi-led air strikes.  Source: ReutersForeign ministers from six world powers are meeting their Iranian counterpart, amid hopes of a breakthrough after almost 18 months of negotiations.  Source: BBCThe French right has made large gains in the country’s local elections, handing Preside nt François Hollande’s ruling Socialist party its third electoral drubbing in a year and raising fears for the future of the left.  Source: The GuardianMany parents are afflicted by 'weight-blindness', unable to recognise their child is overweight unless they are extremely obese, new research has found.  Details: The Daily MailKenyan fighter jets have bombed positions of militant Islamist group al-Shabab in neighbouring Somalia, a military spokesman has told the BBC.  Source: BBCIslamist Boko Haram militants disguised as preachers killed at least 24 people and wounded several others in an attack near a mosque in northeast Nigeria's Borno state.  Source: ReutersAs air raids continue to batter the Arab world’s poorest state, many Yemenis fear the country’s deepening divisions will inflict irreparable damage to its soul.  Source: The GuardianA study of more than 200,000 people found that those who undertook even the odd period of vigorous activity were more likely to avoid an early death than those who only undertook moderate exercise.  Source: The Daily MailGrieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies and pay their respects as the grisly excavation work proceeded.  Source: CNNThe Last Week Tonight presenter refers to the former NSA contractor's "Kafka-esque" drama and grills him on the leaks.  Details: The TelegraphFrench President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured.  Source: APA senior politician in Russia has criticised alleged US attempts to “isolate” the country by urging a boycott of events to commemorate the end of Second World War in Moscow next month.  Source: The TelegraphFederalisation was one of the key demands made by pro-Russia rebels at the start of the conflict last April as it would give largely Russian-speaking Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine a great degree of autonomy from the central government.  Source: The GuardianA Turkish court ordered net firms to block access to social media sites to stop the sharing of photos of a hostage taken during a recent armed siege.  Source: BBCAn interim agreement between six world powers and Iran on Tehran's nuclear program will not lead to a new arms race, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in remarks published on Monday.  Source: ReutersGuenter Grass, the Nobel-winning German writer who gave voice to the generation that came of age during the horrors of the Nazi era but later ran into controversy over his own World War II past and stance toward Israel, has died.  He was 87.  Source: APFor a nation about to mark the centenary of the mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman soldiers, it was both a diversion from a sombre anniversary and a chance to raise the profile of the event internationally.  Details: BBCMr Clinton campaigned vigorously for his wife but was unable to mask his frustration as Barack Obama, then an upstart senator from Illinois, pushed ahead.  Source: The TelegraphDelivery of the S-300s was cancelled in 2010 after the UN imposed sanctions on Iran over its nuclear programme.  Source: BBCThe "number of children running for their lives within Nigeria, or crossing over the border to Chad, Niger and Cameroon, has more than doubled in just less than a year. " Source: CNNAs the United States and Iran come closer to a historic nuclear deal, many U. S.  states are likely to stick with their own sanctions on Iran that could complicate any warming of relations between the long-time foes.  Source: ReutersThe heir to the Nina Ricci perfume dynasty has been sentenced to three years in prison, two of them suspended, after being convicted on Monday of hiding money from the French taxman with the help of HSBC.  Source: The GuardianLess than a week of eating a high-fat diet disrupts the way muscles break down sugar in the blood, researchers found.  Details: The Daily MailWhen David Hershkoviz was a child, he used to wake up in the middle of the night to the sound of his mother screaming in her sleep, knowing that she was reliving the horrors of the Holocaust.  Details: APIran on Monday urged the formation of a new Yemeni government and offered to assist in a political transition, comments likely to anger Saudi Arabia, which is backing Yemen's president against a rebel force allied with Iran.  Source: ReutersCoastal fleet missions off Italy not mandated or resourced for full search and rescue operations, and nor is EU, says head of Frontex agency.  Source: The GuardianThe U. N. -sponsored talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman Mohammed Abdulsalam said in a Facebook post.  Source: CNNGreece can scrape together enough cash to meet its payment obligations into June, euro zone and Greek officials said on Wednesday, playing down fears of an imminent default as hopes receded of a deal with its creditors to release fresh aid.  Source: ReutersMore than 40 people are reported to have been killed in clashes between Syrian Islamist rebels and Islamic State militants north of Damascus.  Source: BBCThe Vatican spokesman, Rev.  Federico Lombardi, confirmed the Cuba leg to reporters but didn't provide details or dates.  Source: APOne of the leading Japanese manufacturers of shock absorbers designed to enable large structures to withstand earthquakes has admitted that 145 buildings have been fitted with substandard equipment.  Source: The TelegraphThis condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size.  Details: The Daily MailNorwegian researchers asked more than 10,000 adults to undergo a standard test of pain sensitivity, by keeping their hands submerged in cold water for as long as possible.  Source: The Daily MailAt least seven people, including four children, killed in Aleppo attack that rebel authorities claim involved the indiscriminate weapon.  Source: The GuardianNepali police and local volunteers found the bodies of about 100 trekkers and villagers buried in an avalanche set off by last month's devastating earthquake and were digging through snow and ice for signs of dozens more missing.  Source: ReutersChancellor Angela Merkel has come under pressure from her coalition partner to disclose a list of spying targets given to German intelligence (BND) by the US.  Source: BBCBenjamin Netanyahu, the prime minister, met with a delegation of Ethiopian leaders and the soldier beaten up by police.  Source: The TelegraphOne of the two men killed while trying to shoot up a Garland, Texas, event featuring controversial cartoons of the Muslim Prophet Mohammed linked himself to a prominent ISIS fighter in a tweet posted just before the attack.  Source: CNNMore than a dozen vessels from 11 countries are participating in the "Dynamic Mongoose" exercise.  Source: ReutersThe second child of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, a baby girl, was born on 2 May 2015.  Source: BBCThere was fog and rain in Talin, Spitak, Dilijan, Noyemberyan and Meghri as of 9:00 am today, Armenian Transport Ministry reports.   All the republican and interstate roads are open. In case you have found a mistake in the text, please send a message to the editor by selecting the mistake and pressing Ctrl-Enter. 