For illustration purposes only.  /Google ImagesALOR STAR: Four people, including a teenage boy and four year-old girl were killed in two separate cases of fire that occurred here and in Kuala Lumpur since Monday night. The remains of Zamzuri Ashraf Don, 13, and his half brother Zamzuri Aswad Zainol, 34, were recovered by firemen following the 9. 30pm incident on Monday at their home in Taman Sri Putera, Kuala Kedah, here. Ashraf, the youngest of four siblings, was found in the bathroom at the ground-floor of the double-storey house.  Aswad's charred remains were discovered on a staircase at the house. It is learnt that Ashraf was having a bath when the fire broke out, while Aswad had lost his footing and fell after stepping on a nail during his haste to escape the blaze. The fire, which is believed to have originated from the house where the brothers lived in, had also destroyed three adjacent houses. Ashraf’s cousin, Shamsul Malik, 41, who was in the house during the incident survived by escaping through the window on the upper-floor bedroom. Their mother, Zubaidah Daud, 65 said she was on her way home from her stall which is located 3km away when the fire broke. "I felt uneasy throughout the day and closed my stall a bit earlier than usual. "When I reached home, I just could not believe my eyes.  I could only scream my heart out calling for their names," she said when met at the Sultanah Bahiyah Hospital’s forensic unit yesterday. It was also heartbreaking scene at the Teluk Kechai Muslim Cemetery yesterday when Ashraf and Aswad were laid to rest in one grave. In Kuala Lumpur, a father and his four-year-old daughter were burnt to death in a pre-dawn fire inside their house in Taman Ehsan, Kepong, yesterday. In the 4. 50am incident, Tan Kien Mun, 43, and his daughter died when they were trapped in the single-storey terrace house. Fire and Rescue Department Operations Commander Ahmad Kassim said firemen rushed to the scene after receiving a distress call at 4. 57am. “By the time the firemen arrived ten minutes later, 90 per cent of the house was engulfed in flames, ” he said. Ahmad said Tan’s body was found in the living room near the main door, while his daughter’s remains was found in one of the rooms in the house. The nine other occupants of the house, who included family members survived the incident. A total of 26 personnel from the Selayang, Jinjang and Hang Tuah fire stations were dispatched to put out the fire. “Four cars and a van were also destroyed in the incident,” said Ahmad adding the fire had been brought under control by 6am. Ahmad said the remains of both father and daughter been sent to Selayang hospital for a post mortem. “The cause of the fire and the damage are being investigated,” he said. 