Maxis customers will get use the service for free, says Maxis Head of Digital Services T Kugan. Photo - (On left) T.  Kugan, Maxis' Head of Digital Services, giving a demonstration on FINDIT to the media and guests.  Looking on is Abraham Foss, Maxis' Head of Enterprise (right). Malaysian telecom Maxis has demonstrated its Findit Malaysia service, which it said is the largest digital directory in the country, giving access to more than 175,000 business listings. Maxis customers will be able to use the service for free, which is the result of a partnership with Findit Malaysia, said Maxis head of digital services T Kugan. "Searching for information on mobile devices is the second most popular internet activity after emails, with 46 percent of users using their mobile devices as a primary search tool," said Kugan.  "Findit is a service that is therefore relevant to our modern day lifestyles, especially when we are constantly on the go.  Importantly, this service puts the power in our customers' hands and allows them to always stay connected. "He said that the service provides information on 175,000 business listings in more than 2,500 categories including location maps and driving directions, directly from users' mobile phones.  "Consumers can also enjoy special offers and promotions from various merchants listed in the directory, which they can redeem immediately. " Kugan said Findit "serves as an important tool for to help businesses be more visible to a much wider market, capitalising on the popular mobile platform to connect with their own customers while the location-based feature helps users to search for product and services closest to their location. "A mobile platform for enterpriseMaxis head of enterprise, Abraham Foss said Findit is a mobile platform for the enterprise segment.  "Findit is a representation of how we can simplify lives and create new ways of working for businesses.  In an increasingly mobile-driven business environment, this service allows them to reach out to a wider market and establish a larger presence by simply listing themselves on the directory with basic information for free, with the option to enhance their profiles with richer content such as pictures, GPS coordinates and more. "Findit has also signed with Maybank as well as the Malaysian Retail Chains Association (MRCA) and is available free on multiple platforms. Findit Malaysia is powered and managed in partnership with GETIT Transnational - a subsidiary of an India-based local search services provider. "Findit seeks to empower Malaysian consumers and businesses and be the preferred platform for them to connect effortlessly," said GETIT Transnational executive director, Sidharth Gupta. 