Police have identified one of the passengers of the missing Malaysia Airlines plane on a stolen passport as a 19-year-old Iranian seeking to migrate to Germany. Police said Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad was expecting to meet his mother in Frankfurt who knew he was travelling on a stolen passport. Malaysian police Inspector General Kalid Abu Bakar told reporters investigations had shown Mr Pouria has no known links to terrorist organisations.  He said the man was "unlikely" to be involved in the plane's disappearance. Inspector Kalid said police were focusing their investigations on the possibility the plane was sabotaged, hijacked or there were mental or personality problems with any of the 227 passengers and 12 crew. He said police were also looking into the possibility that a bomb was smuggled into the cargo hold of the Boeing 777 that was en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing when it vanished in the dark hours of last Saturday morning.  But police discounted an earlier announcement that five passengers booked in for the flight but failed to turn up.  "All of the passengers who booked the flight boarded the flight," Inspector Kalid said. Inspector Kalid said another man travelling on a stolen passport who boarded the flight has yet to be identified.  The man is also believed to have been seeking to migrate to Europe. It remains possible that a highly unusual technical fault led to the sudden disappearance of flight MH370.  The Boeing 777's pilots made no distress call, adding weight to the sudden explosion theory. As authorities doubled the search area and expanded it to remote parts of mainland Malaysia - and as China deployed 10 satellites to help - still no debris was found. "We are not hiding anything; we don't have an explanation,'' an official in Kuala Lumpur said. For the past four days 34 aircraft and 46 ships from 10 countries have been searching for the missing plane.  Two RAAF search aircraft are among the planes criss-crossing the South China Sea, Gulf of Thailand and Malacca Strait. The United States has reviewed spy satellite imagery, but found no evidence of a mid-air explosion, only adding to the mystery. ■ Meanwhile Australia's air crash investigation agency is to have its staff of 110 cut by up to 20 per cent. Unions are demanding that frontline safety inspectors will be quarantined from the cull, which is being blamed on the ''efficiency dividend'' cost-cutting hitting most government departments. 