Several years ago practically every other day we heard and read all types of comments in the press, social media radio and TV with regards to the severe shortage of doctors in government hospitals.  Complaints of long hours of waiting before seeing a doctor or receiving treatment was the norm. There were calls for the government to give priority in increasing the number of doctors for training to cater to the high number of patients visiting government hospitals and clinics.  The authorities realising the obvious short falls in meeting the doctor patient ratio in the country immediately went into action to rectify the situation. The government’s effort in introducing various measures including the setting up several private colleges and universities to teach medicine and other para medical subjects locally have been instrumental to some extent in overcoming the acute shortage of doctors in the country today.  Although we have yet to achieve the ideal 1:400 doctor patient ratio, it is heartening to note that at least we have managed to overcome the acute doctor shortage. The authorities should be commended for their steadfastness and commitment in ensuring that their measures to increase the number of doctors in the country did not fizzled out or get derailed along the way.  Today there are a large pool of young and energetic doctors serving in several hospitals and clinics in many parts of the country.  The lack of doctors in the rural areas too has improved many fold due to the far sighted measures taken by the authorities especially the health and education ministries. Now and we are hearing calls again not from the public but from the medical fraternity – the Malaysian Medical Association (MMA), urging the government to review the intake of medical students and to impose a moratorium on local private colleges and universities for the intake of medical students. According to press reports the president of MMA Dr NKS Tharmaseelan was quoted as saying that “there are just too many doctors and too many medical institutions flooding the market”.  He also highlighted the lack of government hospitals to train the large number of medical graduates being churned out yearly.  Apparently according to MMA by 2015 about 5,000 doctors will be jobless. I can understand the MMA’s concern and I am sure the relevant authorities will be giving due consideration to some of the suggestions and shortcomings with regards to the quality of doctors and the training requirements.  However, I am of the opinion that we should not impose unnecessary restrictions for students to pursue their dreams of wanting to be a doctor. This call to put a moratorium on the intake of students for learning medicine and to further tightening of their entrance qualifications in the name of protecting the quality and standards of the medical profession may have its merits but it may be also perceived by many parents and students as a selfish and unjust move. There are many dedicated, committed and highly trained doctors that I am aware who are out there specialising in many medical fields.  They gained access into medical schools with average results in their ‘O’ or ‘A’ level examinations or equivalents in the past. What a student needs is a right attitude, passion for the profession and a reasonable academic qualifications to go through the five to seven years of medical education.  We don’t need a student with a strings of ‘As’ to enrol in a medical programme.  If you have one, well and good but there is no guarantee he or she will turn out to be a doctor who has the passion for the demanding nature of the profession. Trying to impose unreasonable restrictions and erecting hurdles to stop or discourage students to take up the medical course in whatever name is simply doing injustice to the students and also to the national education philosophy.  I am all for improving the quality and standards of our medical graduates but please stop putting unnecessary hurdles otherwise it will be perceived as “trying to safeguard one’s rice bowl” rather than improving the quality of the profession. There are still so much room and opportunities for newly graduated doctors to serve in the private and public organisations.  We need more doctors to cater for an expected increase in population by 2020.  Both the government and private health care services are expanding rapidly and the demand for doctors will be on the rise. New health facilities are been built and many are in the pipe line according to the health ministry reports and with the ever expanding health tourism industry and the need for specialisation and post graduate studies the demand for doctors is definitely going to increase.  The question of ‘glut of doctors’ does not arise unless the newly graduated doctors turn out to be too choosy and expect to work in a cosy environment from 8am to 5pm only. According to health ministry sources the country needs about 85,000 doctors by 2020 to cater for an expected population increase of about 35 million by then, to attain the ideal doctor patient ratio.  Under these circumstances any attempt to slow down or stop the intake of medical graduates will be detrimental to the nation and it will have a negative impact on public healthcare as whole.  We should instead concentrate on improving the quality and standard of training of our medical undergraduates and post grads. Perhaps it’s time we introduce a common medical examination for all medical graduates be it local or foreign trained before they are certified to practice as a doctor or allowed to do their houseman.  In this way we can assure the quality and standards of the medical graduates and at the same time allowing the freedom for the students to enrol in any university to pursue their medical degree. This move will also put pressure indirectly on all colleges and universities with medical programmes to improve on their quality of teaching and training of medical students.  Ultimately colleges and universities which are not up to the mark will eventually be pressured to channel their resources to other courses instead of medicine. 