BEIJING, March 11 (Xinhua) -- There is still no trace of the aircraft which vanished early on Saturday, 88 hours after its disappearance, said a spokesman for Malaysian Airlines in Beijing on Tuesday. Rescue efforts are ongoing, covering eastern and western parts of peninsular Malaysia, but there is "no finding of the aircraft," said the spokesman, at a press conference in a hotel near Beijing Capital Airport. A total of 42 vessels and 35 aircraft from various countries have joined the rescue mission, and are fairly distributed between eastern and western sides of the peninsula. BEIJING, March 11 (Xinhua) -- China's joint working group have met with the first batch of family members of the Chinese passengers on missing Flight MH370, who arrived in Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday morning. The meeting was followed by a meeting with Malaysia Airlines officials, Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told a regular press briefing in Beijing on Tuesday. Austrian "phantom passenger" of missing Malaysia Airlines jet in first interviewVIENNA, March 10 (Xinhua) -- The 60-year old Austrian whose stolen passport caused him to be registered on seat number 26 of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has given his first interview Monday. KUALA LUMPUR, March 10 (Xinhua) -- Malaysia Airlines is working closely with various sides in taking care of families and crews of a missing passenger jet and cooperating with the search and rescue authorities coordinated by the Department of Civil Aviation Malaysia (DCA) and the Ministry of Transport, the company said Monday afternoon. BEIJING, March 10 (Xinhua)-- Chief of China's Maritime Search and Rescue Center He Jianzhong said Monday the country has created a plan for the search and rescue of a missing Malaysia Airlines jet. KUALA LUMPUR, March 10 (Xinhua) -- A multilateral search and rescue effort on Monday still failed to locate the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 with 239 people on board, more than two days after its disappearance en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Malaysia Airlines to focus on caring for families of missing jet passengers: statementKUALA LUMPUR, March 10 (Xinhua) -- Malaysia Airlines' primary focus at this point is to care for the families of passengers of the missing MH370 flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, the company said Monday morning in its 9th statement since the weekend disappearance of the passenger jet with 239 people aboard. 