2 men with stolen passports identified as Iranian migrants seeking new life abroad; Malaysian military believes the aircraft flew 500 km after losing contact with ATC.   Four days on, no trace of Malaysian Airlines flight MH370  Two men travelling with stolen passports on a missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner were Iranians who had bought tickets to Europe and were probably not terrorists, law enforcement officials said on Tuesday.   The announcement is likely to dampen speculation that the disappearance of the Boeing 777 was linked to terrorism.  Police said both men bought their tickets in Thailand and entered Malaysia together.   Interpol named the two as Pouri Nourmohammadi, 19, who was booked to fly on to Germany, and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza, 29, whose final destination appeared to be Denmark.   No debris from the plane has been found four days after it left for Beijing from Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board, including five Indians.  On Tuesday, baffled authorities expanded their search to the opposite side of Malaysia from where it disappeared on Saturday.   The airline says the pilots did not send any distress signals, suggesting a sudden and possibly catastrophic incident.  Speculation has ranged widely about possible causes, including pilot error, plane malfunction, hijacking and terrorism.   News that two of the passengers were travelling with stolen passports fuelled speculation of foul play.  But Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said the two men were most likely illegal immigrants, not terrorists.   Interpol released images of the two Iranians boarding a plane at the same time.   Interpol Secretary General Ronald K Noble said they travelled to Malaysia on their Iranian passports, then apparently switched to their stolen Austrian and Italian documents.  Khalid said Nourmohammadi's mother was waiting for him in Frankfurt and had been in contact with police.   The plane took off from Kuala Lumpur, on the western coast of Malaysia, early Saturday en route to Beijing.  It flew across Malaysia into the Gulf of Thailand at 35,000 feet and then disappeared from radar screens.   Authorities have said the plane may have attempted to turn back toward Kuala Lumpur.    ► Malaysian military believes the plane turned and flew hundreds of kilometres to the west after it last made contact with ATC off the country's east coast.  Malaysian officials previously said flight MH370 disappeared about an hour after it took off from Kuala Lumpur for Beijing.   "It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude.  It made it into the Malacca Strait," a military officer said.  That would appear to rule out sudden catastrophic mechanical failure, as it would mean the plane flew 500 km at least after its last contact with ATC.   The Strait of Malacca, one of the world's busiest shipping channels, runs along Malaysia's west coast. 