Muscat: A total of 109 passengers were stranded at the Muscat International Airport for nearly 15 hours as the Muscat-Mumbai-Ahmedabad Air India flight was grounded due to a problem with the aircraft's tyres on Monday. "We were supposed to fly to Mumbai at around 12 midnight yesterday.  But by 12:30am, the airline officials informed us that the flight will be delayed without revealing reasons for the delay," some passengers told Times of Oman. "Even though a few people were accommodated in hotels, a majority were left back at the airport itself.  There were many who were travelling with some emergency purpose and had a short period of leave.  Even our luggage was not given back by the airlines," passengers said while alleging that they were not looked after well. "The food too was not provided properly," they alleged. The passengers were able to leave Muscat only by 2:45pm. Meanwhile, a top Air India official said that the flight had tyre problem and it led to the delay in departure. "We had to bring in a new tyre and parts from India.  Technicians were also flown in to fix it.  This caused the delay," the official said while adding that the airline provided the best facilities to the passengers. Medical emergencyMeanwhile, according to Indian media reports, an Oman Air flight made an emergency landing at the Chennai Airport, the airport in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu, yesterday morning, after a passenger suffered a "seizure-like fit". Quoting airport sources, the Indian media reported that the Oman Airways flight WY825 which was flying non-stop from Muscat to Kuala Lumpur, made an emergency call on their airline channel and said that an Indonesian passenger called Revimartini Noorudeen needed immediate medical attention. "The Air Traffic Control tower was alerted and after less than 10 minutes, they were allowed to land during the peak flying period, at around 5. 10am.  With a medical team waiting to stabilise her, they wheeled her into the airport's emergency medical centre, run by Apollo Hospitals.  They managed to stabilise her with drugs, and identified it as indeed a stroke caused by a blood clot," the report quoted an AAI official as saying. After a delay of close to five hours, the passengers of the Kuala Lumpur flight boarded it again and departed for the Malaysian city, where it landed safely.  The passenger is reportedly safe and undergoing medical treatment. 