The track record of the 27-year-old co-pilot on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been brought into question by a report from two South African tourists on A Current Affair. Jonti Roos says the pilots were smoking in the cockpit and posed for photos with the tourists who stayed there for the duration of the flight.  Passengers visiting the cockpit and smoking on flights are prohibited by Malaysia Airlines. Ms Roos is travelling around Australia with friend Jaan Maree. “Throughout the whole flight they were talking to us,” Ms Roos said in the interview.  “They were actually smoking, which I don’t think they are allowed to be doing.  And they were taking photos of us in the cockpit while they were flying.  I was just completely shocked, I couldn’t believe it. ”A Current Affair showed images of the young women in the cockpit smiling with the Malaysia Airlines pilots.  The passengers were present for both takeoff and landing, Ms Roos said. “I know for the whole time they weren’t facing the front of the plane and actually flying,” she told Channel Nine.  “Possibly a little bit sleazy – they asked us if we couldn’t arrange our trip to stay in Kuala Lumpur for a few nights so they could take us out. “When I realised it was the exact same co-pilot [as missing flight MH370] … that was quite shocking,” she said. “Throughout the whole flight they were talking to us,” Ms Roos said in the interview.  “They were actually smoking, which I don’t think they are allowed to be doing.  And they were taking photos of us in the cockpit while they were flying.  I was just completely shocked, I couldn’t believe it. ”Malaysia Airlines have released a statement in response to allegations that Mr Hamid, the first officer on the missing flight Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, had invited the tourists to the cockpit, where he smoked cigarettes and took photographs with the pair. "Malaysia Airlines has become aware of the allegations being made against First Officer, Fariq Ab Hamid which we take very seriously," the statement read.  "We are shocked by these allegations," it said. The tourists were preparing to board the Malaysia Airlines flight in Phuket when they were approached by the pilot and co-pilot of the flight, she says. “We were standing in line at the boarding gate just with everybody else and the pilot and co-pilot walked past us and came back and asked us if we would like to sit with them in the cockpit during the flight,” Ms Roos said.  “Obviously we said yes. ”In its statement, Malaysia Airlines said it has not been able to confirm the validity of the pictures and videos of the alleged incident. "We are in the midst of a crisis, and we do not want our attention to be diverted," the airline said.  "We also urge the media and general public to respect the privacy of the families of our colleagues and passengers.  It has been a difficult time for them. "The welfare of both the crew and passenger’s families remain our focus.  At the same time, the security and safety of our passengers is of the utmost importance to us. "The co-pilot on the Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, Fariq Abdul Hamid, graduated from the Langkawi Aerospace Flying Academy, according to an interview with his brother by the Malaysian newspaper New Sunday Times, Bloomberg reported.  He was the eldest of five siblings, the newspaper said. The cover photo on his Facebook page depicts pilot’s wings with Malaysia Air’s insignia. Mr Fariq’s grandmother, identified as Halimah Abdul Rahman, said he is ‘‘a good son, obedient, respect the elders and a pious man,’’ according to a posting on a tribute website. The captain, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, joined the carrier in 1981 and logged 18,365 flying hours, according to Malaysia Airlines. ‘‘My understanding is he was widely respected and loved the 777,’’ said Richard Healing, a former National Transportation Safety Board member.  ‘‘He knew every nook and cranny and every possible thing that could go wrong with that aircraft.  Which tells you if there was any way to save that airplane, this would be the guy to save it, depending on what went wrong and whether he was disabled. ’’Mr Zaharie’s enthusiasm for the Boeing jetliner extends beyond his profession.  The captain built his own flight simulator using a computer program, steering pedals, a yoke and touch screens for flight controls, according to an online post on a community of simulator enthusiasts.  Many of his Facebook friends work at Malaysia Air.  Some of them have changed their cover pictures to images of text with words of support, including ‘‘Pray for MH370’’ and ‘‘Hope. ’’Mr Zaharie also flies remote-controlled aircraft such as a Bell Helicopter 222 and an amphibious plane, according to the tribute website.  His engineering interest stretches beyond flying, with YouTube videos posted to his account showing viewers how to make their air conditioners more efficient. 