Fariq Abdul Hamid, the first officer of the missing plane, posed for pictures with two female passengers who stayed in the cockpit for an entire one-hour flight. Former Malaysia Airlines passenger Jonti Roos said her and friend Jaan Maree were in the cockpit during take-off and landing, which is strictly forbidden. The alleged incident took place on a flight from Phuket in Thailand to Kuala Lumpur in December 2011.  Malaysia Airlines said they are investigating the allegations. Speaking to Australian TV programme A Current Affair, Melbourne-based Ms Roos said: "Throughout the entire flight they were talking to us, and they were actually smoking throughout the flight. "And they were taking photos with us while they were flying.  I was just completely shocked, I couldn't believe it. "  Ms Roos added that her and her friend being in the cockpit did not seem unusual to the plane's crew. Malaysia Airlines said they would not comment on the reports until their investigation into the allegations are complete. Mr Hamid, 27, has around 2,800 hours flying experience and has worked with Malaysia Airlines since 2007. The Malaysia Airlines MH370 took off from Kuala Lumpur at 12. 20am on Saturday night but authorities said it disappeared from the radar an hour later. It was originally thought the plane disappeared over the South China Sea south of Vietnam's Ca Mau peninsula. However, recently emerged military radar has suggested the missing Malaysia Airlines plane turned away from its course. Search and rescue efforts have so far failed to find any trace of the Malaysia Airlines plane [REUTERS]No distress signal was sent but it is thought the plane could have attempted to turn back. Despite 40 planes from at least 10 nations searching the area no trace of the plane, which was carrying 239 people, has been discovered. Malaysia Airlines said today that search and rescue teams have expanded their scope to the Malacca Strait. Flight MH370 was carrying passengers of 14 different nationalities including Malaysian, Chinese, American, French, Canadian and Australia. Two Iranian men were travelling on board the plane with stolen passports but officials said they had no apparent links to terrorist groups. The pilot of the plane is Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, a 53-year-old Malaysia who joined the airline in 1981. 