The service of a bomoh is not in line with Islamic teaching. THE founder of a popular local Islamic medicine centre Al-Hidayah Lokman Abdul Hamid told Malaysian Digest that it is against Islamic teaching to use a bomoh (shaman) to help locate the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. Fondly known as Haji Lokman, he explained that a bomoh uses ‘orang perantaraan’ (medium) to assist his work and this use of a medium is not in accordance with the Islamic teachings. “In Islam, services of a bomoh are not permitted.  All you have to do is to pray and ask for guidance from Allah Almighty,” said the 52 year-old justifying his disagreement. “What we are doing now (praying) is the best we can all do.  For example, the solat hajat (special prayer is Islam) is something Malaysian Muslims should continue doing,” the father of five said. When asked about his involvement in the Ayah Pin's case, he explained that he didn't locate Ayah Pin's location but merely doing a 'spiritual cleansing' at the cult leader's Sky Kingdom quarters in Besut, Terengganu. Al-Hidayah, located in Kuala Lumpur, is a centre that offers alternative treatment for its patients who suffer from spiritual illness or health problems.  Established by Haji Lokman in 2000, the centre upholds the power of Quranic versus to help heal some sicknesses among which are diabetes, psiorisis, colon-related disease and others. Earlier, a report of a shaman claiming to have the ability to search for the missing MH370 jetliner surfaced and that he had offered his skill to help the authorities in their search and rescue mission. The shaman called Datuk Mahaguru Ibrahim Mat Zin, also known as Raja Bomoh Sedunia Nujum VIP and 1Malaysia Corporate Bomoh had claimed that the missing aircraft was hijacked by elves. To date, there are many theories out there related to flight MH370 disappearance.  Malaysians and International community, including the experts, are still baffled with the whereabouts of the missing plane and the 239 passengers onboard. Currently, the authorities are continuing their search and rescue missions with the help of neighbouring countries, International agencies and fishermen.  They have yet to find any hard evidence to determine the fate of the plane. 