The two men who used fake passports to board the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 that disappeared last week have been I. D'd. The two men who used fake passports to board the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 that disappeared last week have been I. D'd, according to Reuters. The disappearance of Malaysia flight does not appear to be related to terrorism, the head of the international police organization Interpol said Tuesday, Reuters reported. "The more information we get, the more we're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident" Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble said at a news conference in Lyon, France, according to Reuters. News from Malaysian authorities reported one of two people said to be traveling on stolen passports, an Iranian, was trying to travel to his mother in Germany, Reuters reported. The two passengers in question entered Malaysia using valid Iranian passports, but they used stolen Austrian and Italian passports to board the missing Malaysian plane, according to Reuters. Noble gave their names and ages as Pouria Nour Mohammadi, 18, and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza, 29, Reuters reported. Inspector General Khalid Abu Bakar of the Royal Malaysian Police said it doesn't appear the younger Iranian posed a threat, according to Reuters. "We have been checking his background.  We have also checked him with other police organizations of his profile, and we believe that he is not likely to be a member of any terrorist group," Khalid said, Reuters reported. After he failed to arrive in Frankfurt, the final destination of his ticket, his mother contacted authorities, Khalid said, according to Reuters.  According to ticketing records, the ticket to Frankfurt was booked under the stolen Austrian passport. The identification of one of the men helps peel away a thin layer of the mystery surrounding the passenger jet, which disappeared about an hour into its flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, Reuters reported. Most of those on the flight were Chinese, according to Reuters.  For their family members, the wait has been agonizing. "As we enter into Day 4, the aircraft is yet to be found," Malaysia Airlines said in a statement released Tuesday, Reuters reported. 