The international police agency Interpol does not believe the disappearance of a Malaysia Airlines plane was the result of a terrorist attack, its head said on Tuesday. Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble also suggested that two men who boarded using stolen passports and had aroused suspicion may have been smuggled by traffickers. The plane carrying 239 people on board has now been missing for four days, with a search involving crews from 10 nations widening on Tuesday to a larger swathe of the Gulf of Thailand and South China Sea. "The more information we get, the more we are inclined to conclude it is not a terrorist incident," Noble told a news conference at Interpol headquarters in Lyon. He added that Malaysian police had said that one of the young travellers was seeking to join his mother in Germany, saying that the issue was one of human smuggling and not terrorism. Noble said two Iranian passport holders aged 18 and 29, who started their trip in Doha, had swapped their passports in Kuala Lumpur and used stolen Italian and Austrian passports to board the now missing Malaysian airliner. Neither of the Iranian passports were reported stolen or lost, he said. Interpol is working with member countries to follow all leads including human trafficking, organized crime and terrorism, Nobel said. Making public the names of the two individuals listed on the Iranian passports -- who Interpol identified as Seyed Mohammed Reza Delavar and Pouria Nourmohammadi -- might compel family and friends to offer tips that could allow authorities to exclude terrorism theories, Noble said. "Now we have images of the two persons concerned, with names that they used on Iranian passports and we'd like family members, friends, anyone to say, 'I know this person.  He's my friend, he's my son, he's my brother and by the way he was leaving Kuala Lumpur to go to Europe in search of a better life, or to seek refugee status, or asylum' or something like that.  And by doing this, eventually, with more and more evidence we're able to exclude that they were involved in criminal conduct that may have caused the plane to disappear," he said. Initial reports suggested that five of the passengers who boarded the flight had done so with suspect passports but Noble said that the investigation had concluded that three were in fact legitimate. "Interpol can confirm that as I speak to you now, there are no other suspect passports we are looking at and the only two passports that were reported lost or stolen, or believed to be stolen, on the flight were the Austrian and Italian passports that we've already spoken about," he said. Investigations had targeted two Chinese passports and one Indonesian one which shared a passport number with an unrelated Moldovan passport, but all were eventually deemed legitimate by authorities. 