The event featured key note presentations delivered by a number of industry experts from global companies in the asset management and real estate sectors, during interactive sessions designed to give First Wealth customers first-hand market insight and up-to-date information about market changes. Guest speakers for the event included Mark Diab, Portfolio Manager at global investment solutions provider Man Group plc, who provided an overview about regional investment opportunities.  The presentation was followed by a session about the UAE real estate market hosted by representatives from leading real estate research firm Jones Lang LaSalle, including Craig Plumb, Head of Research (MENA) in Dubai and Peter Stebbings, who is Deputy Head of Valuation Advisory at the organisation's Abu Dhabi office. Huda Abdulla Mohammed, Executive Vice President, said: "Our customers are and will always remain top priority at FGB and we're committed to consistently enhancing the services we offer to best meet their needs.  As such, we are keen to host insightful events such as the UAE Real Estate and Regional Investment Markets seminar, providing First Wealth customers with rare opportunities to listen to expert views from industry influencers. "She continued: "Occasions like this help to ensure that our customers can remain up-to-date with new market opportunities and this seminar is one of many events we have lined up to make valuable news, opinion and commentary as easily accessible to our clients as possible. "About First Gulf BankAs a major leading bank in the UAE, First Gulf Bank ( FGB ) has Shareholder Equity of AED 31. 2 billion as of December 31st, 2013 making it one of the largest equity based banks in the UAE.  Established in 1979 and headquartered in the UAE capital, Abu Dhabi, the bank offers a full range of financial services to business and consumer sectors throughout an extensive network of branches across the UAE.  Internationally FGB has branches in Singapore and Qatar, representative offices in India and Hong Kong and a subsidiary in Libya. Today, FGB is recognised as a world-class organisation committed to maximising value for shareholders, customers and employees as it focuses on delivering banking products and services that meet client needs and support the UAE's dynamic economy.  In line with its commitment to excellence the bank continues to invest significantly in people and technology to provide superior service standards.  First Gulf Bank was awarded the 'Best Bank in the United Arab Emirates' and 'Best Bancassurance' titles at the Banker Middle East Industry Awards 2013.  It was also ranked as the 3rd most powerful company in the UAE, 6th leading bank in Forbes' 'Top 500 in the Arab World' list and named UAE Bank of the Year 2013 by The Banker. First Gulf Bank carries an A+ Long-Term (IDR) rating from Fitch, an A2 Long Term Deposit rating from Moody's, an A+ Long Term Foreign Currency Rating from Capital Intelligence and a AAA Long-Term Financial Institution Rating from RAM Ratings of Malaysia. 