Riddle of Flight MH370 Intensifies as One Impersonator is identified as Iranian KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysian police say one of the passengers using a stolen passport on the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner was an Iranian asylum seeker.   Police chief Tan Sri Khalid Tan Sri said on Tuesday that the man was not believed to be a member of a terrorist group.   He says the man was a 19-year-old who was believed to be planning to reach Germany.  He said the second passenger using a stolen passport has not been identified.   Authorities have not found the missing plane three days after it disappeared from radar screens.   Rescuers in several countries are searching for the plane that had 239 people on board.   The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 has been expanded to include remote parts of mainland Malaysia after a massive search of the South China Sea where the plane vanished failed to find any wreckage.   Official opinion continues to remain divided about the likelihood of terrorism being a factor.    Authorities in Kuala Lumpur suspect the inability to find concentrated debris indicates the Boeing 777 with 239 people on board experienced a catastrophic explosion caused either by a bomb in the cargo hold or a highly unusual technical fault.   Even so, one US source told Reuters that Malaysian authorities were leaning away from the theory that the plane was attacked.    Their view was mostly based on electronic evidence that indicates the flight may have turned back toward the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur before disappearing.   However they have not ruled out any of a number of other possibilities, including a hijacking that led to an explosion on board.   ''We are not hiding anything.  We don't have an explanation at this stage'' an official in Kuala Lumpur said.   Authorities ordered a doubling of the search area to more than 100 nautical miles because''we don't want to leave anything to guesswork,'' said Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, the head of Malaysia's Civil Aviation department who is in charge of the search.   Authorities admit they are no closer to locating the plane than they were when it abruptly disappeared from radar 120 nautical miles off the Malaysian coast near the town of Kota Bharu in the early hours of Saturday morning.   For four days they have been directing 34 aircraft and 46 ships from 10 countries to chase what turned out to be false leads, that included logs tied together being mistaken for a life raft.   Two Australian RAAF search aircraft are among the planes criss-crossing the South China Sea, Gulf of Thailand and Malacca Strait for signs of the plane.   On Monday, the Chinese government urged Malaysian authorities to ''step up their efforts to speed up the investigation and provide accurate information to China in a timely fashion,'' as a Chinese investigation team arrived in Kuala Lumpur to assist.   The United States has reviewed spy satellite imagery for evidence of a mid-air explosion but found none, deepening the mystery.   One possible reason for failing to locate the plane is that it turned back towards the Malaysian coast before disappearing.  The pilots made no distress call.   The aircraft was equipped with a maintenance computer capable of talking to the ground automatically through a short message system known as ACARS.    But the system recorded no signals from the time the aircraft disappeared from radar.   Authorities in Kuala Lumpur say that valuable resources have been redeployed to investigate claimed reports of sightings that proved to be unsubstantiated.    They say finding of wreckage is vital to establishing the cause of the crash that has prompted airports across Asia to tighten security procedures.   Malaysia Airlines has begun flying some families to Kuala Lumpur to be closer to the investigation headquarters at their request, but as many as 40 family members which had registered are understood to have pulled out at the last minute, realising that the investigation may have a long way to run.  Add your comment using the form below.  Want an avatar for your comments? Register with Gravatar. 