Semarang (ANTARA News) - The Indonesian Transportation Ministry has instructed all airports in Indonesia to be aware of the possibility of the appearance of the Boeing 777 of the Malaysia Airlines in their territory.  "We have instructed airports in Indonesia to remain alert for signals from or sightings of the MH370 airplane," the Transportation Deputy Minister, Bambang Susantono, said here on Tuesday (March 11).  According to him, the Ministry had instructed the airports to be prepared as the Malaysian Government is still developing the case and it has many possibilities, including a terrorist act.  The Indonesian Transportation Ministry had recently increased aerial surveillance to help the Malaysian government find the aircraft.  "We have not received any information from airports in Indonesia about the sighting of the MH370 aircraft, which could have been hijacked by unknown persons," he said.  The Ministry had increased the level of awareness in airports to secure and guard flights in the Indonesian territory.  He said Indonesia has a radar that is located in Natuna waters, which can detect an aircrafts position.  "Our ministry had also coordinated with the related Malaysian authority to exchange information and increase awareness for the MH370 aircraft," he added.  Bambang, also, said the Ministry had agreed to treat the missing passengers if they were found in Indonesias territory.  "We will assist Malaysia to search for the missing passengers as far as possible because their safety and security are our priorities," Bambang said.  The MH370 Boeing 777 of the Malaysia Airline had lost contact with the air traffic controller on Saturday, March 8, at 00:41 AM local time in Thailand Gulf, South China Sea.  The aircraft was bound for China and had 239 passengers and 12 crew aboard.  Among the passengers, there are seven of Indonesian nationality.  Indonesias government had deployed Indonesian Air Force search units and Navy ships to assist in the search and rescue efforts.  The Malaysian government had said an act of terrorism is a possibility due to the revelation of the use of fake passports by two passengers on board and that the plane had to turn around to Kuala Lumpur before it lost contact.  (Uu. B019/INE/KR-BSR/A014)