Today is the fifth day since MH370 disappeared en route to Beijing.  Amid all the speculations, the Boeing777 has yet to be discovered. When I first heard the news on March 8, I could only gasp in shock at what happened. Within seconds, social media sites become the main channel for people around the world to express hopes and prayers. As I keep refreshing news more often than usual to find out what was happening, at the same time, I could not help but notice unkind comments. While Malaysians and the international community brace themselves following the disappearance of MH370, Changkat Jering state assemblyman and former Perak menteri besar Datuk Seri Mohammad Nizar Jamaluddin tweeted that there is perhaps a new Bermuda Triangle in Vietnamese waters. Local actor Zed Zaidi, too, was caught in a storm of protest following his insensitive tweet about the missing MH370. Both tweets did not go down well with other Twitter users and they later apologised. As devastated family members of the passengers await news of the missing aircraft and well wishers across the world offer prayers, it is regrettable that there are Malaysians who remain ignorant and inconsiderate to such an incident. Some were MAS-bashing.  Some even turned it into an issue of religion and race.  There were several Facebook postings which caused a rage in cyberspace. There were also sentiments of anti-government and anti-Barisan Nasional. Some went beyond imagination and made claims that the missing aircraft incident is the government’s strategy to shift attention away from Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim’s sodomy sentence, which happened just a day before the mishap. As millions wait for news on the 227 passengers and 12 crew members on MH370, a great amount of assistance and prayers were offered. In a tough time like this, we should be grateful that many countries such as Vietnam, China, Australia, Indonesia and Singapore have joined in the search and rescue operations to help locate the missing aircraft. At the same time, many Malaysians continue to offer special prayers for the safe return of MH370's passengers and crew. In KLIA, there are plenty of messages written by the public expressing hope for the missing aircraft. Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad tweeted: “Malaysia are being watched by millions of people all over the world right now.  Be a grown up and stop embarrassing your country. ”So please, Malaysians, it is not the time to blame or point fingers at people. My heart goes out to the family members of everyone on board.  I can only imagine what they must feel.  Let us unite together and pray for the best for MH370.  – March 12, 2014. 