This is the first of a two-part article giving PSM's view of what ails our nation. Sentul, which lies just 3km north of the heart of Kuala Lumpur, is fast becoming a city of contrasts, with some of the nation’s poorest citizens living side by side with the very rich. During colonial times, the town was a major industrial hub for the nation.  It earned the nickname Railway Town because most of its residents were employed by Malayan Railway, which had a depot and a huge engineering workshop there. The workshop, called Sentul Works, was one of the biggest industrial undertakings in pre-independent Malaysia, employing about 5,000 people in its heyday.  Indeed, it had the reputation of being one of the finest integrated engineering workshops in the world. A large majority of the workers at Sentul Works were Indians.  Hence the town’s other nickname—Little India. Sentul is also in the history books for an inglorious reason.  It was one of the last towns in the country to be bombed by British planes in World War 2 just before the Japanese surrender. Parti Socialist Malaysia (PSM) treasurer A Sivarajan spoke about all this rich history with a tinge of sadness in a recent interview with FMT.  Speaking mainly in the language of socialism, he said one needed to look no further than Sentul to see how unbridled capitalism could separate citizens into social classes. Noting a recent estimate that put the worth of current ongoing development of commercial and luxury residential projects in Sentul at about RM15 billion, he asked: “Will these billions of ringgit really benefit the residents who regard the town as their traditional home?” After pausing for breath, he gave his own answer: “No. ”He said Sentul was only one of many examples of regions within the Klang Valley where the rich-poor divide was becoming more and more obvious.  He mentioned Damansara, Sunway and Taman Tun Dr Ismail as other examples. He said Malaysia inherited its capitalism model from the British.  He alleged that the British decided to grant independence only through the group led by Tunku Abdul Rahman because they could depend on that group to ensure their economic interest. “Thus, Malaysians have not known any other economic model of development and have lived in complete ignorance of the possibility of an alternative system,” he said. “As such, manifestations of the capitalist economy, which thrives on accumulation of wealth and the theft of workers’ due wages, is accepted by the masses as a God-given system that will ensure the wellbeing of mankind. ”He said that Malaysia had been transforming domestic laws to favour capitalists since the 1970s, when it opened its doors to foreign direct investment. “Labour laws have been ripped apart, unions are turned into toothless tigers and a low-wage policy has prevailed,” he said. “This has left us having a low percentage of contribution of wages and salaries to the Malaysian GDP.  Out of the total GDP, only 28% is attributed to the working Malaysian population. ”Sivarajan said this meant that workers were not getting the bulk of what they produce into their pockets. A check with the Malaysian Department of Statistics showed that the Malaysian ratio compared unfavourably with those of many other countries, such as Singapore (42%), South Korea (45. 8%), Canada (50. 6%) Japan (51. 5%), and Britain (54. 5%). Sivarajan said a look at the GINI coefficient would give another clear indicator of how bad the Malaysian situation is.  For the past 20 years, the Malaysian GINI index has remained around 0. 44 and 0. 43, one of the highest in the region. “Till today, after 40 over years of industrialisation, Malaysian lawmakers still believe that a low-wage policy is the way to go and it’s the key to increasing our productivity, attracting foreign direct Investment and swimming into developed-nation status by the year 2020,” he said. “We say to the world, ‘We are cheap.  Come and invest in Malaysia so that you can maximise your profits. ’”As another example of the cruelty of capitalism, Sivarajan cited the Selangor experience under former menteri besar Mohd Khir Toyo. In 2005, the Umno-led state government embarked on a programme called Setinggan Sifar (Zero Squatters).  Urban pioneers who had been living in villages on city outskirts and providing the much needed workforce for the state were forcefully evicted from their homes by both the state government and private developers. Khir claimed that his administration was taking economic development to villagers by putting them into “proper” homes, but Sivarajan said it was merely an exercise to grab land from the rakyat to give to capitalists. “The same thing can be said about the many estate workers that were evicted throughout Selangor for the same reason. ”He said that 50 years ago government land was regarded as “the commons”, where the urban poor could build homes and communities.  He lamented that these have been taken away to be given to private developers so that they could sell houses for profit. “After being evicted, the urban poor have been strategically placed in high rise flats known as Projek Perumahan Rakyat, away from where the rich live. ”The social consequences of such an economic programme had already become clear, he said.  “The income disparity has now developed into a clear class divide in terms of housing, healthcare, education and social life. ”According to him, there is hardly any more mixed development, where poor and rich share the same public amenities and mingle together. “High and medium priced houses are usually gated and guarded, tucked away in a lush green environment while the urban poor are always given houses in the least valued land,” he said. “Low-cost development is usually located in former mining land, near landfills, adjacent to sewage treatment plants and so on. “This is the reality of today’s Malaysian society. “The same can be said about our healthcare system, with the mushrooming of private hospitals that cater to the rich and elite and the remaining 70% of the public depending solely on government hospitals for healthcare. “Unfortunately, 70% of our trained specialist doctors are practising in the private hospitals, which only the privileged—who form 30% of the population—can afford to visit.  The remaining 30% are burdened with caring for 70% of the public. ”He said a similar phenomenon could be seen in the education sector. TOMORROW: ‘Beware of the dark forces of politics and business’