One day in October 2007, I travelled to Sarawak in my role as principal of a higher learning Institution for the purpose of officiating a convocation ceremony for our graduating teachers.  When I reached the immigration desk at Kuching Airport, the officer-in-charge asked for my travel documents.  I produced my MyKad and he swiped it on his computer.  Instantly, my name or IC number or information in the chip of my MyKad triggered his computer to flash ‘Persona non grata’. After my persistent demand to know the reason for this rude violation of my freedom of movement in my own country, he checked another computer and said it was for my “anti-logging activities”.  Thus, ever since then, as a citizen of this country, Malaysia, I have been denied the right to visit this eastern province of my own homeland!This October 2007 experience at Kuching Airport immediately sprang to mind when I read that two persons with stolen passports had managed to get through the immigration checkpoint and board MH370 on that fateful night of March 8, 2014.  Apparently the passports had been reported as stolen a year earlier and were thus registered in the Interpol online databank. One would have presumed that if any of these stolen passports (with name, passport number or the chip on the passport) were swiped on an immigration computer, it would have flashed ‘Persona non grata’ as had happened to me at Kuching Airport in 2007.  Sounds elementary, doesn’t it? And there are many cases of NGO activists as well as elected MPs, having been denied entry to East Malaysia. Some have also been stopped and interrogated at KLIA when they went to the immigration checkpoint.  So why was this not standard operating procedure at KLIA on March 8, 2014?It goes to show that the Malaysian security forces seem over vigilant when it comes to snooping on, harassing and incarcerating innocent Malaysian dissidents, but suffer serious lapses when it comes to checking and apprehending real threats to security. I often point to this shocking paradox: Since 1960, more than 10,000 Malaysians have been detained under the ISA and yet one would be hard put to name even one ‘terrorist’ among them to justify their detention for being ‘threats to national security’. However, in recent years there have been at least two Malaysians who were shot dead by the Indonesian and Filipino security forces for alleged terrorist activities, yet they had never been caught and detained in Malaysia under the ISA! What does this say about the priorities of our security forces?