Mar 12, 2014 (LBO) - Malaysia is seeking more visitors from Sri Lanka and an expansion of weekly flights, amid a ten-fold hike in visa fees that has made travel to the country more expensive. In 2013, 64,051 Sri Lankans visited Malaysia, up from 62,821 a year earlier, Haji Azizan Noordin, Deputy Director General of Tourism Malaysia said. "Sri Lanka has always been an important market for us,” he told reporters in Colombo. "In this year we are expecting a 10 to 12 percent increase which is close to 70,000 Sri Lankans visiting us. "We are also planning to increase the number of flights frequencies to Malaysia and we hope to speak with the authorities soon. "Sri Lanka comes third behind India and Bangladesh as a source of visitors for South Asia. The island contributes 1. 1 percent to the overall tourists to Malaysia. This year Malaysia targets around 28 million tourists generating receipts up to 76 billion of Malaysian Ringgit. Malaysia's High Commissioner (Ambassador) Azmi Zainuddin, said about 1000 Sri Lankan students undergo education in Malaysia every year. Visa fees for Sri Lankans going to Malaysia were among the lowest offered by any country at 500 rupees until recently, making it a choice destination also to use as a stopover aviation hub while traveling to a third country. But a sharp hike in visa fees had pushed up travel costs to Malaysia by 15 to 20 percent, depending on the carrier, after visa processing was outsourced to another company pushing up fees over 10 times to 5,100. "We were charging only 500 Sri Lankan rupees as for visa processing and service charge until February this year,” High Commissioner Zainuddin said. "Service charges or visa fees have never been raised before. "But we are looking into public comments, agencies comments and also the service level of facilitator if we are to make a decision on the payment. "In the ASEAN region, travel is visa free, generating a travel boom and people to people contact. Sri Lanka also charged higher fees from Malaysians of 30 US dollars (3,900 rupees), than Malaysian charged from Sri Lankans until February, though Sri Lanka has an electronic travel authorization scheme that is relatively painless and fast. Sri Lanka also has an effective visa-on -arrival scheme for 5 dollars more. Singapore is visa free for Sri Lankans and Singaporeans can also visit Sri Lanka without visa. 