S-R Media, The Spokesman-Review and Spokesman. com are happy to assist you.  Contact Customer Service by email or call 800-338-8801You have viewed free articles or blogs allowed within a 30-day period.  Receive FREE access by logging in to or creating your Spokesman. com account. S-R Media, The Spokesman-Review and Spokesman. com are happy to assist you.  Contact Customer Service by email or call 800-338-8801You have viewed 20 free articles or blogs allowed within a 30-day period.  FREE registration is now required for uninterrupted access. Five passengers who checked in for flight MH370 didn’t board the plane, and their luggage was removed from it, Malaysian authorities said.  Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said this also was being investigated, but he didn’t say whether …PATTAYA, Thailand – There was still no trace of the missing Malaysia Airlines plane today, a day after authorities questioned travel agents at a beach resort in Thailand about two men who boarded the flight with stolen passports, part of a growing international investigation.  The plane with 239 people on board vanished from radar screens between Malaysia and Vietnam early Saturday. KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia – Authorities hunting for the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner expanded their search on land and sea today.  Malaysia Airlines said in a statement the western coast of the country, near the Straits of Malacca, was “now the focus” of the hunt.  That is on the other side of peninsular Malaysia from where flight 370 was reported missing, meaning if the plane went down there it would have had to fly over the country.  Civil aviation chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman said the statement didn’t imply authorities believed the plane was off the western coast.  “The search is on both sides,” he said. PATTAYA, Thailand – There was still no trace of the missing Malaysia Airlines plane today, a day after authorities questioned travel agents at a beach resort in Thailand about two men who boarded the flight with stolen passports, part of a growing international investigation.  The plane with 239 people on board vanished from radar screens between Malaysia and Vietnam early Saturday. Five passengers who checked in for flight MH370 didn’t board the plane, and their luggage was removed from it, Malaysian authorities said.  Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said this also was being investigated, but he didn’t say whether this was suspicious. Two of the passengers were traveling on passports stolen in Thailand and had onward tickets to Europe, but it’s not known whether the two men had anything to do with the plane’s disappearance.  Criminals and illegal migrants regularly travel on fake or stolen documents. Hussein said biometric information and CCTV footage of the men has been shared with Chinese and U. S.  intelligence agencies, which were helping with the investigation.  Almost two-thirds of the passengers on the flight were from China. The stolen passports, one belonging to Christian Kozel of Austria and the other to Luigi Maraldi of Italy, were entered into Interpol’s database after they were taken in Thailand in 2012 and 2013, the police organization said. Electronic booking records show that one-way tickets with those names were issued Thursday from a travel agency in the beach resort of Pattaya in eastern Thailand.  Thai police Col.  Supachai Phuykaeokam said those reservations were placed with the agency by a second travel agency in Pattaya, Grand Horizon. Police Lt.  Col.  Ratchthapong Tia-sood said the travel agency was contacted by an Iranian man known only as “Mr.  Ali” to book the tickets for the two men. The travel agency’s owner, Benjaporn Krutnait, told the Financial Times she believed Ali was not connected to terrorism because he had asked for the cheapest tickets to Europe and did not specify the Kuala Lumpur to Beijing flight. Malaysia’s police chief was quoted by local media as saying that one of the two men had been identified – something that could speed up the investigation. Civil aviation chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman declined to confirm this, but said they were of “non-Asian” appearance, adding that authorities were looking at the possibility the men were connected to a stolen passport syndicate. 