KUALA LUMPUR: No one can travel to China without its prior approval, and it was on this basis that the 239 people, including the two passengers using stolen passports, were cleared to board Malaysia Airlines’ Flight MH370 at the KL International Airport for Beijing early Saturday. The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) has two control measures in place, the first being at the check-in counter at the foreign airport where a flight originates. The airline staff manning the counter needs to enter a passenger’s passport details into the Advance Passenger Information System (APIS) where the particulars will be checked against China’s Stop List. This is a list of people whom the Chinese authorities bar from boarding aircraft bound for any destination in the republic for reasons best known to the authorities there, according to a travel industry source. The second control measure is upon arrival in China, where the passports and the passengers again come under scrutiny before being allowed into the country, he added. “This means the CAAC cleared the MH370 passengers and crew to fly to China last Friday night even before Malaysian authorities got to check their passports,” he told Bernama. Air traffic control authorities lost contact with Flight MH370 almost an hour after its take-off from Sepang at 12. 41am Saturday.  There has been no trace of the aircraft since then despite a massive international air and sea search. APIS was introduced by the US Customs and Border Protection (CBP), which comes under the US Department of Homeland Security, after the 9/11 terrorist attack in which two civilian aircraft smashed into New York’s World Trade Centre, bringing down the twin towers with the loss of almost 3,000 lives. CBP requires all general aviation and commercial aircraft on international flights coming to or departing from the United States to provide the passenger manifest and aircraft information prior to departure. The passenger particulars required are the full name, gender, date of birth, nationality, country of residence and details of the travel document (normally a passport). Twenty other countries are also using APIS.  Besides China, the others include India, Australia, Canada, Japan, Russia, South Korea and Britain. APIS, however, has no links with Interpol and its list of stolen passports.  Any check-in staff or immigration officer wanting to check a passport against the Interpol list will have to use a separate computer to link via the Internet with the International Criminal Police Organisation. “At most airports, the airline and immigration staff are not required to check with the Interpol list,” said a source familiar with airport procedures. “It requires an active check, it’s not an automated system. ”In the case of Saturday’s MH370, the passenger and passport scrutiny appears to have been exacerbated by China’s decision last year to loosen visa requirements for transit passengers. The Wall Street Journal has reported that this waiver policy is emerging as a potential weak link in the scrutiny of some airline passenger identities, as the two passengers who used stolen passports to check into flight MH370 appear to have held onward reservations to Europe, making them eligible for China’s transit travel programme. The report said regular visitors to China must present their credentials to one of its embassies and obtain a visa in advance of a flight, where authorities are believed to more carefully scrutinise travel documents than airline gate agents. Interpol said the Italian and Austrian passports that were stolen in Thailand in 2012 and 2013 were not checked against a database of 40 million stolen and lost travel documents that it maintains. Interpol secretary-general Ronald K Noble has branded the weak inspection for stolen passports a “gaping hole” in global security. According to a report, Interpol is working on an initiative called “I-Checkit” that will enable those in the travel, banking and hospitality industries to screen documents against its lost documents database when customers book a flight, check into a hotel room or open a bank account.  — Bernama