The country was shocked by two incidents within less than 20 hours.  PKR adviser Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim was found guilty of sodomy and a Malaysia Airlines flight has gone missing.  The safety of the 239 passengers and crew on board has very much worried Malaysians. At this moment, the political outlook, as well as the social and psychological trauma are severe tests for Malaysia. Anwar also lost his candidacy in the Kajang by-election following the court's decision.  He is facing a five-year imprisonment and it is tantamount to casting a neutron bomb to the political arena, which would not only affect the by-election and the Selangor menteri besar candidate layout, but also bring a great impact to the Malaysian politics. After the court announced the verdict, many people could not help but was shocked by it, as if they had gone back to the day 16 years ago, when Anwar was arrested. What happened 16 years ago might not have included in the plan of former Prime Minister's Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad.  The wish might be to end Anwar's political life as soon as possible, end the confrontation, so that the strongman politics could be restored. However, that day has not passed but continued even until today.  It has motivated Anwar and ignited the Reformasi movement, resulting in the long-run struggle between the BN and Pakatan Rakyat. The struggle has led to the establishment of PKR, as well as Pakatan Rakyat, while taking a big step in practising the cross-racial political model.  In the civil society, it has also inspired the people's political awareness.  Many people started to doubt and oppose to the one-party dominance system.  The people have been offered another option, which gave rise to the two-party system movement. Anwar has been a real leader, as well as a spiritual icon from 1988 to 2014.  In particular, he had played the roles of gathering consensus and fueling in the 2008 and 2013 general elections. The struggle between two political groups has given birth to healthy competitions in politics.  The BN has also dropped some parts of its big brother mentality and changed into soft attitudes while making some adjustment to polices, to fight for the support of the people, particularly Malays. However, the struggle also seems to have almost reached a critical point.  In the 2013 general election, the BN won the ruling power but not the popular votes.  Ten months later, the PKR created a by-election to pave the way of making Anwar the Selangor menteri besar, as an effort to march towards Putrajaya from the state. Precisely at this very moment, the sodomy case that has long shrouded came to a decision. History seems to repeat itself 16 years later.  Where would it lead Malaysia to?The PKR wishes to repeat the mode and launch the Reformasi 2. 0.  Some party leaders believe that they have to achieve the goal through street movements.  Of course, it is not yet an official policy of the party and has not been accepted or supported by other component parties of Pakatan Rakyat. The Reformasi movement at that time was filled with indignity.  Today, however, most of the then activists have probably turned middle aged.  They have walked passed the ups and downs in politics, as well as the era of sadness. The new generation today had not even attended primary school during the Reformasi movement at that time and thus, they have no experience in it.  They have also got used to the struggle between the two political groups and thus, the impact of any incidents on them would not be as intense as on the past generation. The court verdict will certainly arouse indignation of Anwar's supporters and gain him much sympathy from swing voters.  Regardless of who is going to contest in the Kajang by-election as a PKR candidate, he or she is expected to easily defeat the BN. However, Anwar's plan to enter Shah Alam seems to have come to nothing and everything has returned to the square one.  The PKR's strategy to march towards Putrajaya from Selangor has suffered a setback. Overall, Anwar and Pakatan Rakyat could win more sympathy and its political struggle could gain more attention. As for the BN's wish to cooperate with Pakatan Rakyat to promote national reconciliation, it seems to have turned out as a stillborn plan.  It is not a good thing for the current trend of political and religious polarisation. So far, the whereabouts of the MH370 remains unknown and all I hope is a miracle that everyone on board is safe. At this moment, no one knows the truth and it is not necessary to make speculation and accusations.  Instead of partisan, racial and religious differences, what is needed now is empathy and compassion, as well as prayer and the expression of concern. This is a difficult stage, as well as the time for unity and mutual support. 