"This is the problem of the security that if we don’t test them so often, surprisingly, we will never know if they are under alert on the level that we want them to be.  I know the problem of the stolen passports.  But if there was a good security system at the airport in Malaysia, they could find these two passengers in seconds," Isaac Yeffet, the former head of security for El Al Airlines and now an aviation security consultant in New York, told The Voice of Russia. Is it possible to prevent or avoid similar accidents in the future? Were there such cases in the past?Similar to this, nobody knows if it happened in the past, because nobody can tell you what exactly happened. This sounds like a sort of a Bermuda triangle, whatever. . .  myth, you know. Probably, but whatever you and me will talk would be only guessing, because from Saturday until now, nobody knows where the aircraft is.  This is very strange and unusual.  Is it possible that it was hijacked? Then, it is in a place that nobody knows.  Is it possible that it was crashed? Is it possible that it is on air? Definitely not.  So, it’s such a mystery, unfortunately.  My heart is with the 239 innocent people on board. Absolutely.  Now, for the past 10 years, many airlines have tightened their security procedures.  What was the effect of that?It’s not very correct to say that within the past 10 years, airlines tightened their security procedures, because I was travelling around the world, I did hundreds of security survey around the world at different airports.  Yes, at the beginning, they took it seriously, but after a while the routine is killing the security people.  Nothing happened last month, nothing happened last week, nothing happened two days ago, yesterday, why today? And this is the problem of the security that if we don’t test them so often, surprisingly, we will never know if they are under alert on the level that we want them to be.  After a while, I am disappointed from what I see at the airports, including the United States. And, in this case of the Malaysian aircraft, flight 370, nobody knows what exactly happened, and this is the mystery of the century, because how is it possible that the aircraft from Saturday until now can be on air? It can never be on air. It doesn’t have the fuel, it doesn’t have anything else.  So, we have a big, big problem here. Now, what sort of investigating procedures are being done right now in order to find out what was the cause of this accident, or disappearance of this plane?I’ll tell you this… Are you asking me what they did until now?Yes, what has been done so far to discover the cause of this?I’ll tell you, I know that many countries, including the United States, they sent ships and aircrafts to look all over the area, if there is any sign or anything to give us the answer to the problem.  No one found anything until this second that I’m talking to you, no one. This is sure unfortunate. This is what I’m telling you: that we can talk, you and me, but we all will be only guessing. Yes, I know the problem of the stolen passports.  But if there was a good security system at the airport in Malaysia, they could find these two passengers in seconds.  The Interpol has published the story of the two passports, and a good security system at any country, if they only put this information into the computer of the security department, this would take them seconds to find out that these people are carrying stolen passports.  But because they didn’t do it, these two criminals – I beleve they are terrorists – these two criminals boarded the flight. Only when this happened they found out that these two passports were stolen.  This is bad for the security system. 