• Reports of an oil slick that searchers thought could be from the plane turned out to be fuel oil used in cargo ships• The search has extended to areas well beyond the plane's intended northeasterly flight path toward China• An unknown group - the Chinese Martyrs' Brigade claimed in an email to journalists in China that it was behind the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. KUALA LUMPUR: Frustration mounted over the missing Malaysian jet with 239 people on board as a massive air and sea search in its fourth day Tuesday has failed to find any trace of the plane. Reports of an oil slick that searchers thought could be from the plane turned out to be fuel oil used in cargo ships, while other leads, of a plane door and its tail being sighted, too turned out to be untrue. "Unfortunately, we have not found anything that appears to be objects from the aircraft, let alone the aircraft itself," Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, head of Malaysia's Department of Civil Aviation (DCA), said at a news conference. "To confirm what happened that day on this ill-fated aircraft, we need hard evidence," he said.  "We need concrete evidence.  We need parts of the aircraft for us to analyze, for us to do forensic studies. "He added, "We are every hour, every minute, every second, looking at every inch of the sea. "The search area has been expanded to include a large portion of the Gulf of Thailand and the South China Sea, northeast of Malaysia toward Vietnam. With the aircraft still missing, the search has extended to areas well beyond the plane's intended northeasterly flight path toward China.  Now areas in the Andaman Sea, on the western side of the Malaysian peninsula, are also being scoured. In the meantime, an unknown group - the Chinese Martyrs' Brigade claimed in an email to journalists in China that it was behind the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. The email said: "You kill one of our clan, we will kill 100 of you as payback. "But officials in Malaysia said the group's claim could be a hoax. Malaysia's acting transport minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein, said: "There is no sound or credible grounds to justify their claims. "It is believed the email could be intended to increase ethnic tensions between Uighurs and Han Chinese in the wake of a knife attack in Kunming on March 1 in which 29 people were killed. Nearly three dozen aircraft and more than 40 ships from ten countries are scouring the seas for any sign of the aircraft. What has complicated the matter is that two of the passengers have used stolen passports.  Interpol said it was checking whether there were others on board who had used false identity documents. Azharuddin also did not rule out a hijacking attempt as investigators are exploring all theories for the loss of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. "This unprecedented missing aircraft mystery -- it is mystifying and we are increasing our efforts to do what we have to do," he said. Azharuddin said the two men with stolen passports did not look like Asians, but he did not elaborate. The CCTV footage at the airport showed the two men completing security procedures.  "We are looking at the possibility of a stolen passport syndicate," said Azharuddin. "Whilst it is too soon to speculate about any connection between these stolen passports and the missing plane, it is clearly of great concern that any passenger was able to board an international flight using a stolen passport listed in Interpol's databases," said Interpol Secretary General Ronald K.  Noble in a statement. The passports were stolen in Thailand.  Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra told CNN's "Amanpour" on Monday that police are investigating. "Initially we don't know about their nationality yet," she said.  "But we gave orders for the police to investigate the passport users. "Adding to the mystery is the fact that an Iranian man by the name of Kazem Ali purchased the tickets for two friends who he said wanted to return home to Europe.  Malaysian officials on Tuesday advised they had established the identity of one of the men, but gave no further details. China urged Malaysia to speed up the search for the plane.  "This incident happened more than two days ago, and we hope that the Malaysians can fully understand the urgency of China, especially of the family members, and can step up the speed of the investigation and increase efforts on search and rescue," Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters in Beijing. A senior official involved in preliminary investigations in Malaysia said the failure to find any debris indicated the plane may have broken up mid-flight, which could disperse wreckage over a very wide area.  However reviews of imagery captured by U. S.  satellites have revealed no indications of a mid-air explosion.  Officials however cautioned that whilst the imagery is comprehensive, it does not rule out the possibility of a mid-air explosion occurring and not being picked up by the satellites. When the wreckage is found International Civil Aviation Organization protocols dictate that the country where the wreckage has ended up will take over the lead of the investigation. Two-thirds of the 227 passengers and 12 crew were Chinese.  The other nationalities included Malaysians, seven Indonesians, six Australians, five Indians, four French, three Americans, and two unknown (the two with stolen passports). 