As the search for the lost Malaysia Airlines plane enters its fourth day. . .  it appears that authorities are even more mystified about what has happened to flight MH370 and its crew and passengers. Three dozen spotter planes and a flotilla of ships have resumed an intense air and sea search over a vast area of sea off mainland South East Asia. Almost implausably, there is still no explanation for why or how the Boeing triple 7 aircaft vanished without a trace. The anguish and frustration felt by the families of the 227 passengers and 12 crew is now being echoed in capitals across the region. In some blunt and undiplomatic language in China's state media today, the foreign ministry has demanded that the Malaysian government put in a greater effort to lead the search mission and find the plane. LLOYD: In the digital era, where you can rendezvous with a friend by using smart phone GPS tracking, it seems almost beyond belief that an respected airline can lose a 300,000kg plane that's worth more than $100 million and is regarded as one of the safest ever built. Since Sunday the manufacturer, Seattle-based Boeing, has said little more in public than to offer daily messages of condolences.  If it has any opinions on a possible explanation for the disappearance of flight MH370, it's keeping it in-house. But it will now play a hands-on role in the investigation that's unfolding.  As the country of manufacture, the United States National Transportation Safety Board will effectively lead the case.  Boeing is acting a technical advisor.  But at the moment, it's a case with a cold trail. Any inquiry begins with the physical evidence and at the moment that's the challenge facing the international rescue effort. Eight countries, including Australia, have 34 planes in the air.  Forty ships from the ASEAN states plus China and the US navy are conducting the sea search. Today from Beijing there are signs of frustration with Malaysia's handling of the operation. Beijing state media declared the initial response from KL (Kuala Lumpur) was not swift enough.  One scathing editorial declared the Malaysian side cannot shirk its responsibilities. China's foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang was more diplomatic but no less direct. QIN GANG (Translation): We feel that Malaysia has made this case a top priority and their attitude is sincere.  We hope they understand China's anxiety and we hope they can provide the families with a result as soon as possible. LLOYD: The Chinese have been piling on the pressure.  Its navy is effectively in charge of the co-ordination of the sea search.  Teams of Chinese police, intelligence and other government agencies have arrived in Kuala Lumpur to support, if not guide, the Malaysian response. Malaysia's acting transport minister, Hishammuddin Hussein, described the Chinese involvement this way:HISHAMMUDDIN HUSSEIN: They have been here and co-operating very closely in three aspects: one is the search and rescue; secondly on identifying those that travelled on the false passports, helping us with the other intelligence agencies that we are working with; and finally, dealing with the families of the passengers. LLOYD: Tantalising clues that only deepen the sense of mystery continue to emerge. 