The general consensus is that children should be responsible for the care of their parents considering how their parents had sacrificed both time and effort to raise them when young. The world’s population is aging at a larger rate than many realise.  SaveMoney. my, upon taking a closer look, discovered some worrying facts about the world’s population:1) Alzheimer’s Disease International, in one of its global reports, published a statement describing the number of elderly people who will need close care.  The figure is set to hit 277 million from the current figure of 101 million by the year 2050.  Many of those millions will be people who suffer from Alzheimer’s, most commonly caused by dementia, and the main symptoms include loss of memory as well as mood swings. 2) The total cost for the overall treatment and care for elderly people with dementia currently costs the world about RM1. 9 trillion a year.  That figure includes the costs related to health, social care and the loss of earnings.  Huge pressure is often on the families as the carers may sometimes have to give up their careers to look after their parents.  As the global population starts ageing and greying, much greater support needs to be given to the more traditional method of informal care for the elderly by family, friends and the community. Nursing homes in Malaysia  Closer to home, the very topic of “nursing homes” is still considered a taboo topic, where the very idea of placing one’s parents in a nursing home is considered a disgrace and a very ungrateful thing to do.  At least, that’s the way I hear about the matter from the many elderly relatives or friends of my parents.  The general consensus is that children should be responsible for the care of their parents considering how their parents had sacrificed both time and effort to raise them when young.  Malaysia is still a country that is deeply rooted in the myriad traditional Asian values. However, with a growing population where the expected total is 38. 6 million people in about 30 years from now, the population of people who are aged 65 years and older is also projected to increase to more than threefold of the 2010 population.  According to the National Statistic’s Department (NSD) Population Projections 2010-2040 document, those who are 65 years and above (senior citizens) is expected to hit 4. 4 million people, which is at least 11. 4% of the population.  This will essentially turn Malaysia into an ageing population by 2021. Cost of nursing homes in Malaysia  There are quite a number of existing nursing homes in Malaysia, and the government is planning to build more.  Some examples of the well-known nursing homes include My Manor, Eldercare and Bellevue Residential Homecare.  The monthly rates for them start at RM5,500, RM2,000 and RM1,700 respectively.  There are, of course, a range of homes for differing income groups.  All of these places provide clean and comfortable surroundings for the elderly, 24 hour care and nursing, full meals daily as well as laundry services.  Providing everything that one’s parents or relative needs, Malaysians are slowly opening up to the option of a nursing home. If we take into consideration that both husband and wife are away at work due to the society being more career-minded, the elderly will be left home alone.  When nobody is on hand to properly care for them, accidents may happen, such as a sudden fall or minor dementia taking hold.  If the injury is great, operations may be necessary, thus adding more to the expenses.  In addition, instead of having only 4 walls and nobody that the elderly at home can properly interact with, there is companionship and other like-minded people at nursing homes. The team at SaveMoney. my would just like to remind our readers to never neglect one’s parents or relatives when reaching the golden years of their lives, as it was they who have raised you and made you into the person you are today.  The act of filial piety is something that is imbued in oneself and one must never neglect one’s parents, no matter the decision made.   ”Grow old along with me, the best is yet to be!” – Robert Browning. Caitlyn Ng is an Investigative Journalist of SaveMoney. my, an online consumer advice portal which aims to help Malaysians save money through smart (and most of the time painless) savings in their daily banking, technology, and lifestyle spending habits. 