Two Iranian men who boarded with stolen passports identifiedIn the latest regarding missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, it has been learned that the passenger plane was hundreds of miles off course and traveling in the opposite direction from its original destination.  Furthermore, the plane stopped sending identifying transponder codes before it disappeared. LOS ANGELES, CA (Catholic Online) - If this is verified, it could call into question whether someone in the cockpit might have deliberately steered the plane away from its intended destination. "This kind of deviation in course is simply inexplicable," former U. S.  aviation investigator Paul Goelz, says. Prayer, fasting and almsgiving. Veteran pilot Kit Darby, president of Aviation Information Resources, told CNN that mechanical problems aboard the plane could still explain everything.  A power failure would have turned off the main transponder and its backup, and the plane could have flown for more than an hour, he said. One aviation official speaking on the condition of anonymity said the plane's transponder apparently stopped working at about the time flight controllers lost contact with it, near the coast of Vietnam. The Malaysian Air Force lost track of the plane over Pulau Perak, a tiny island in the Straits of Malacca -- many hundreds of miles from the usual flight path for aircraft traveling between Kuala Lumpur and Beijing. If confirmed, the aircraft was flying away from Beijing and on the opposite side of the Malay Peninsula from its scheduled route. A representative from Interpol said that his agency increasingly believed the incident was not related to terrorism.  "The more information we get, the more we're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident," Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble said at a news conference in Lyon, France. It has been learned that as to the two Iranian men with stolen passports that boarded the flight, one was trying to travel to his mother in Germany.  There's no evidence to suggest either man - 18-year-old Pouri Nourmohammadi and 29-year-old Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza were connected to any terrorist organizations, according to Malaysian investigators. CIA Director John Brennan said his agency is not yet willing to discount the possibility of a terror link in what he called a "very disturbing" mystery. "No, we're not ruling it out.  Not at all," he said Tuesday at a Council on Foreign Relations event. As the mystery surrounding the missing Malaysian flight bound for China continues to grow, the search for physical evidence has grown.  At least 40 ships and 34 aircraft are now going past the plane's travel route in order to search for physical evidence of the benighted flight. Authorities searching for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane have widened their search, amid increasing frustration from passengers' families. Search teams had expanded their scope to the Straits of Malacca, Malaysia Airlines said. The Beijing-bound flight vanished on Saturday shortly after it left Kuala Lumpur.  There were 239 people on board. Copywriter 2015 - Distributed by THE NEWS CONSORTIUMThat, rejecting the culture of indifference, we may care for our neighbours who suffer, especially the sick and the poor. That Mary's intercession may help Christians in secularized cultures be ready to proclaim Jesus. 