Malaysian military radar was able to track the missing MH370 flight of the Malaysian airliner to the Strait of Malacca, Reuters reports, citing a source in the country's armed forces.  Thus, the military forces managed to track the trajectory of Boeing 777-200 much farther than civilian air traffic controllers who have lost contact with him when he was still over the South China Sea, off the Malaysian east coast. At the same time it was confirmed that the ship had changed its direction.  "After the plane passed Kota Bharu, it changed the course and descended.  Afterwards, he got to the Strait of Malacca," the army representative said. The Malaysian airliner was flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 227 passengers and 12 crew members on board, including one passenger from Russia.  On Saturday night the contact with the vehicle was lost and soon after that it disappeared from civilian air traffic controllers' radar screens, no signals about problems on board received. Earlier it was reported that at the time of the last contact the plane was 220 kilometers off the east coast of Malaysia. China uses 10 satellites in search operation to find the missing Malaysian Boeing 777-200, the Chinese People’s Liberation Army daily reported on its website on Tuesday.  The main goal of the satellites is to make high-quality space images of the earth surface in the area of the search and rescue operation, the daily notes. The satellites would also provide meteorological monitoring and connection between the participants of the operation. In addition, China pledged to arrange fail-safe operation of its BeiDou navigation satellite system for search operations, the daily writes. The communication with Boeing 777-200 was lost when nearly two hours passed from the departure from Malaysian capital on Friday.  The plane on its way to Beijing was supposed to be above the South China Sea in 120 nautical miles from Kota Bharu (Malaysia) in this moment. According to preliminary data, it had 154 Chinese, 38 Malaysians, 5 Indians, 7 Indonesians, 7 Australians, 4 Americans, 3 French, 2 citizens of New Zealand, Canada and Ukraine, and one Russian and one Dutch on board. One of two passengers who boarded the missing Malaysia Airlines flight with stolen passports was an Iranian asylum seeker, Malaysian police say.  One of the two passengers who boarded the missing Malaysia Airlines plane on stolen passports was an Iranian man seeking to relocate to Germany, Malaysian police said Tuesday.  Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad, 19, was travelling on an Austrian passport earlier declared stolen in Thailand, police Inspector General Khalid Abu Bakar said.  Based on consultation with foreign intelligence counterparts, he did not appear to be a member of any terrorist organization, and was apparently trying to migrate to Germany, Khalid said. Malaysian police are looking into four reasons that could have led to the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines airliner carrying 239 people, including hijacking and sabotage, a senior police official said Tuesday. Police Inspector General Khalid Abu Bakar said aside from hijacking and sabotage the other two areas the police are looking into are psychological problems of passengers and crew and personal problems of the passengers and crew. Khalid said he was checking thoroughly the background of the passengers and crew in the missing aircraft.  "We have no prior intelligence (report) of any involvement of terrorists," he said in a press briefing. Missing Malaysian Boeing: fake passport holders 'were Iranians looking for new life in Europe'Fingerprints from the mystery passengers travelling on missing Flight MH370 with stolen passports are being analysed by the FBI as it emerged they were reportedly Iranians looking for a new life in Europe, the Daily Telegraph reports.  The men are believed to have bought the fake travel documents because they were "looking for a place to settle" and it is thought their plane tickets were purchased in Thailand by an Iranian middleman known as "Mr Ali". The news came as officials reacted with scepticism to a claim of responsibility for the plane's disappearance from a previously unheard of Chinese terror group and as the search for any sign of wreckage continued to prove fruitless. Director-general of Malaysia’s Department of Civil Aviation, Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, revealed late last night that the two men travelling on stolen passports were not Asian-looking as had been earlier speculated. Men with stolen IDs on missing Malaysian jet not of Asian appearanceThe two unidentified men who used stolen passports to board the Malaysian airliner that went missing on Saturday were not of Asian appearance, the chief Malaysian investigator said today.  Flight MH370 disappeared early on Saturday about an hour into its flight from Kuala Lumpur after climbing to a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet. Interpol confirmed on Sunday at least two passengers had used stolen passports and said it was checking whether others aboard had also used false identity documents. The search area for a missing jetliner has expanded with Malaysian Airlines saying the western coast of the country is now the focus of the hunt. That is on the other side of Malaysia from where flight MH370 was reported missing. In a statement Tuesday it said the hunt had expanded beyond the flight path, and the "focus is on the West Peninsular of Malaysia at the Straits of Malacca. "Civil aviation chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman says search teams continued to look in both areas. Vietnam's deputy military chief says he had ordered a land search for the plane up to border with Laos and Cambodia. The announcements reflect the difficulty authorities are having in finding the plane, which was carrying 239 people when it vanished off radar screens Saturday. A floating object previously reported to resemble an overturned liferaft was not part of the Malaysia Airlines plane that went missing over the South China Sea, Vietnamese authorities said Monday. A Vietnamese navy vessel reached the object around 4 pm (0700 GMT), and found it to be algae-covered debris that had been in the water for some time and not connected to the aircraft, Lieutenant General Vo Van Tuan, deputy chief of the general staff of the Veitnam People's Army, told dpa. In another statement, Malaysian officials said that samples taken from an oil slick off the country’s eastern coast showed it was not from the missing airliner. "The oil is not used for aircraft," Maritime Enforcement Agency spokeswoman Faridah Shuib confirmed, adding it was a type used by ships. The slick, from which the samples were collected, was about 185 kilometres north off Malaysia's east coast state of Kelantan and just south of the point where air traffic controllers lost contact with the plane, which disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. - Malaysian Airlines jet may have disintegrated in the air - source