People walk under a Malaysia Airlines sign at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang March 8, 2014.  — Reuters pic SEPANG, March 12 — Malaysia Airlines (MAS) still remains a preferred choice of air travellers despite the national carrier being the focus of the world’s attention following the disappearance of its Flight MH370 on Saturday. Checks by Bernama at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) found the airline’s counters still teeming with air travellers. A customer who only wanted to be known as Anthony, 40, said he flew MAS at least twice a year for business purposes and still preferred the airline based on his past experience. “Through my experiences I never feel my safety is being jeopardised by the company.  I believe what happened to MH370 is just a coincidence and we cannot blame them (MAS),” he said. Anthony, who was leaving for Turkey, said he hoped the missing of MH370 could be resolved as soon as possible in the interest of the family members of the passengers and crew. “Its just so sad.  Hopefully we will hear good news soon,” he said when met by Bernama at the departure hall of the airport. Another traveller who also just wanted to be known as Salwa, 35, said she had been flying MAS for almost 10 years and this was her second time she was using the national carrier to perform the umrah (minor haj). The businesswoman said no one should be faulted over the missing of MH370 and that she would continue to use MAS without any fear as it had a proven track record for safety, which was futher improved from time to time. “This incident (MH370) acts as a reminder that improvements on safety have to be made from time to time.  However, if it is fated that a plane will crash, it does not matter which airline you choose, it’s in the hands of the Almighty,” she said. She also urged all Malaysians irrespective of race or religion to pray for the safety of the passengers and crew of MH370. Meanwhile, Ramli Simongkir, 60, from Indonesia, said he had total confidence in MAS as he had been using the airline since 2001. “MAS is my choice because of its high service standard.  As for the security and safety aspects, everything is still normal, the security checks, the immigration process,” he said. Ramli had just flown in by MAS from Jakarta and was part of a delegation that would be participating in the MATTA travel fair in the federal capital which opens on Thursday. Another traveller, James Millen, 23, from England, expressed that MAS with their reputation as one of the safest airlines in the region will not lose the trust of their loyal customers. Millen, who just arrived from Bali for a holiday, said he was waiting for his friends from Sweden to spend two days in Malaysia before going back to England.  — Bernama