CHRIS UHLMANN: Terrorism has been all but ruled out as the cause of the mystery disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight 370 by the international police agency Interpol. In a news conference in Lyon in France the agency shed more light on the two passengers who boarded the plane with false passports.  Both were Iranians, with one, a 19 year old would be migrant, seeking to join his mother who's waiting in Germany.  But as some things become clearer the ultimate goal, finding the plane, seems no closer. South-East Asia correspondent Samantha Hawley reports from Kuala Lumpur. SAMANTHA HAWLEY: Interpol's secretary general Ronald Noble emerges to provide clarity and sympathy.  RONALD NOBLE: We owe it to the 239 passengers of flight MH370, to their families, to their loved ones and their friends.  To them I say that our priority will always be to put an end to the excruciating pain of uncertainty.  As a matter of fact, this and not terrorism, not stolen passports, not conspiracy theories, was our very first thought. SAMANTHA HAWLEY: Uncertainty, misinformation and rumour have dominated over the four days since the plane vanished without a trace and some of it is coming directly from Malaysian officials.  Two days ago, for instance, the Civil Aviation chief reported to the press that five passengers failed to board the ill-fated aircraft, forcing the airline to remove their baggage from the plane.  But according to the Police Chief Khalid Abu Bakar that's not true.  KHALID ABU BAKAR: There is no such thing as five person who did not board the plane.  There is no such thing. SAMANTHA HAWLEY: And while Malaysia says the possible hijacking or sabotage of the plane is still a key line of investigation, Interpol all but rules out terrorism. RONALD NOBLE: In the last 24 hours you see the story changing. SAMANTHA HAWLEY: We now know the men on the aircraft with false documents were not terrorists.  An 18 year Iranian man was travelling to Germany as either an illegal migrant or an asylum seeker.  His mother was waiting for him there. KHALID ABU BAKAR: His mother is expecting him to arrive in Frankfurt.  When he doesn't arrive, he contacted us here and then that's why we knew that he is the one. SAMANTHA HAWLEY: He travelled with another 29 year old Iranian man whose identity was revealed by Interpol rather than Malaysia.  Ronald Noble again: RONALD NOBLE: They might just be people who were being smuggled or trafficked, and from Interpol's perspective the fear, the concern we should all have is that more than a billion times each year there are people that either cross borders or board planes without having passports screened against Interpol's database. SAMANTHA HAWLEY: The Malaysian police chief says there are a number of other avenues of inquiry, including investigating the mental health and personal lives of all the crew and passengers on board.  This is Samantha Hawley in Kuala Lumpur reporting for AM. 