KUCHING: The family of Andrew Nari, chief steward of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, are coping well despite the difficult situation of uncertainty. Ambrose Nari, Andrew’s younger brother, said the family’s spirits were better yesterday although there were no new updates and developments on the search and rescue mission. He added that Andrew’s children Maira Elizabeth and Malcolm have been strong and put on a brave face. “We’re doing all right, not too bad.  Still waiting for the latest news.  The two children are doing better today (yesterday) when compared to the first day (Saturday).  Everybody was feeling very down then.  There’s nothing we can do except to wait for any updates from the authorities,” he told The Borneo Post when contacted. Ambrose, together with Andrew’s mother Catherine Tamoh, wife Melanie Antonio Jawi and the two children are staying at a hotel in Kuala Lumpur, along with some other family members of affected crew members, while waiting for news. He added that former prime minister Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad and wife Tun Dr Siti Hasmah’s visit on Monday helped to lift the morale of the families. Meanwhile, Maira’s heartfelt tweets under her Twitter handle @Gorgxous_ to express her grief and concern for her missing father have caught the attention of both foreign and local media. Many have replied to the 18-year-old’s tweets, providing words of encouragement and comfort. Prayers for the safe return of all passengers and crew members on board MH370 have also been shared across social media. “Come home fast, dad.  It’s the only thing I want. .  :’)”, Maira tweeted along with a photograph of herself with her father. She previously tweeted the same photograph on Feb 24 with the words: “He’s my true happiness.  I love you through thick and thin, forever daddy. ”On Monday, she tweeted a photo of a birthday celebration along with: “& until today we are still waiting for you, dad.  :’)”. Maira has also expressed her gratitude for the support pouring in through her Twitter account. “I’d like to thank everyone for their concern towards my dad and the whole passengers of flight #MH370.  Only God can repay your kindness,” she tweeted. She also called for the public to stop spreading rumours about MH370 and not to blame pilot Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah. 