Malaysia's police chief said Monday one of the passengers travelling with a stolen passport had been identified, but gave no further details.  Azharuddin said that the two men were not of Asian appearance, contrary to previous reports.  But he had few answers to the burning questions over the missing plane.  Asked whether it was possible the plane had been hijacked or disintegrated mid-air, he said nothing could be ruled out"We are looking at every aspect of what could have happened," he said.  "This unprecedented missing aircraft mystery - it is mystifying and we are increasing our efforts to do what we have to do. " The desperate search for a Malaysian jet which vanished carrying 239 people was significantly expanded on Monday with frustrations mounting over the failure to find any trace of the plane.  The initial zone spread over a 50 nautical miles (92 kms) radius around the point where flight MH370 disappeared over the South China Sea in the early hours of Saturday morning, en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.  Malaysian authorities announced it was doubling the size of the search area to 100 nautical miles (MENAFN - Arab Times) Malaysia has launched a terror probe after at least two of the passengers on board the plane were found to have travelled on stolen passports.  Two European names - Christian Kozel, an Austrian, and Luigi Maraldi of Italy - were listed on the passenger list, but neither man boarded the plane.  Both had their passports stolen in Thailand in the last two years and questions swirled over how the two passengers using their documents managed to board the flight.  The United States has sent an FBI team to help investigate the passengers, but US officials stressed there was as yet no evidence of terrorismMalaysia's police chief said Monday one of the passengers travelling with a stolen passport had been identified, but gave no further details.  Azharuddin said that the two men were not of Asian appearance, contrary to previous reports.  But he had few answers to the burning questions over the missing plane.  Asked whether it was possible the plane had been hijacked or disintegrated mid-air, he said nothing could be ruled out"We are looking at every aspect of what could have happened," he said.  "This unprecedented missing aircraft mystery - it is mystifying and we are increasing our efforts to do what we have to do. " The desperate search for a Malaysian jet which vanished carrying 239 people was significantly expanded on Monday with frustrations mounting over the failure to find any trace of the plane.  The initial zone spread over a 50 nautical miles (92 kms) radius around the point where flight MH370 disappeared over the South China Sea in the early hours of Saturday morning, en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.  Malaysian authorities announced it was doubling the size of the search area to 100 nautical miles