The mystery about how the Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 went missing last Saturday is not close to being solved, as authorities are still figuring out different possibilities of its undetected disappearance. Like Us on FacebookThe case became murkier when the sister of one of the Chinese passengers rang his phone on live TV, according to The Mirror. "This Monday morning, around 11:40 [am], I called my older brother's number twice, and I got the ringing tone," Bian Liangwei, sister of one of the passengers, shared.  Bian confirmed that it was still ringing at 2am. "If I could get through, the police could locate the position, and there's a chance he could still be alive," she added, upon passing the number to Malaysia Airlines and the Chinese police. This was not the only case. Shanghai Daily revealed that a man from Beijing contacted his missing brother on the plane three times before it hung up. It turns out, MAS commercial director Hugh Dunleavy told Strait Times that the authorities know about the phone calls as they were trying to phone them themselves.  It was reported that they surrendered the numbers to Chinese investigators. It became harder to contact the passengers as it was assumed that the phone's battery may have died. "I myself have called the number five times while the airline's command centre also called the number.  We got no answering tone," MAS spokesperson Ignatius Ong said. Relatives are getting impatient and demanding that the authorities use modern technology like the Global Positioning System to locate the whereabouts of the 239 missing passengers. 19 families have already taken action, according to China. org. cn.  They signed joint statements about the phone calls, and are doubting that Malaysia Airlines knew more than what they are revealing. They even caused a commotion in a recent MAS press conference where the frustrated family members threw water bottles at the spokesman and threatened to rally in the Malaysian embassy in China if the airlines do not disclose important information, and the reason for their lack of immediate action. 