The co-pilot on missing flight MH370 recently asked two teenage backpackers into his cockpit, chatted them up for the whole flight and asked them on a date. The women told of the shock security breach yesterday as two Iranian men aboard the doomed jet on stolen passports were finally identified by police. And the CIA still refused to rule out a terror attack, despite a lack of evidence. South African tourist Jonti Roos said Fariq Abdul Hamid smoked virtually non-stop at the controls while flirting with her and a friend two years before he and 238 others vanished on the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 on Friday. Hamid had hand-picked the girls as flight companions from the check-in queue.  Jonti said they sat in jump seats for the whole journey, including take-off and landing, while Hamid and an unnamed fellow pilot chatted away. She said: “Throughout the entire flight they were talking to us and they were smoking throughout the flight which I don’t think they’re allowed to do. “At one stage they were pretty much turned around the whole time in their seats talking to us. “They were so engaged in conversation that he took my friend’s hand and he was looking at her palm and said ‘your hand is very creased, that means you’re a very creative person’ and commented on her nail polish. ”Jonti was flying back to Kuala Lumpur after a two-week holiday in Phuket with her best friend Jaan Maree in December 2011. The young South African, who now lives in Melbourne, Australia, said the pilots were “possibly a little bit sleazy”. She added: “They asked us if we could arrange our trip to stay in Kuala Lumpur for a few nights, they could take us out. ”Passengers have been prohibited in cockpits since the Twin Towers atrocity on 9/11. Jonti was shocked to learn Hamid was at the helm of the ill-fated Malaysia Airlines flight. She said: “I thought it was crazy.  I couldn’t believe it. ”CIA director John Brennan last night claimed it was impossible to say terrorists were not responsible for the tragedy as suspects were identified. But police in Malaysia and Interpol both said they believed 19-year-old Pouria Nourmohammadi Mehrdad and 29-year-old Delavar Seyed Mohammadreza were illegal immigrants travelling on stolen passports and not members of an illegal terrorist cell. Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble said the two men travelled to Malaysia on their Iranian passports, then apparently switched to their stolen Austrian and Italian documents. Malaysian authorities have still not located a single piece of wreckage.  However they widened their search to the other side of the country after reports suggested the plane had flown hundreds of miles off course after being lost from radar screens. The flight left Kuala Lumpur at 4. 41pm GMT bound for Beijing, but less than 50 minutes later it lost communication with air traffic control. It veered off over the South China Sea and headed west for the next hour and 10 minutes, travelling over Malaysia and Thailand.  Its last tracked position on radar recorded the flight about 200 miles off course over the Malacca Strait, near the island of Pulau Perak. Aviation expert Ross Aimer said the lack of distress call or emergency locator signal may be due to a “black spot”. He said: “There are spots in the world where you can not communicate. ”Follow all the latest, breaking news with our rolling live blog. 