Malaysian police authorities have revealed more information on one of two passengers with stolen passports aboard the missing Malaysian Airlines Flight 370, the Associated Press reports. The man, whose name was not revealed, is a 19-year-old Iranian traveling to seek asylum in Germany. Suspicions of a terrorist plot being behind the plane's bizarre disappearance were roused, after media reported four passengers on board had suspicious identification. Two of the four suspicious passengers were confirmed to be using passports stolen from Italian Luigi Maraldi and Austrian Christian Kozel, who were both not on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Khalid Tan Sri, chief of Malaysian police, confirmed to reporters that the 19-year-old was traveling to Frankfurt, Germany to seek asylum and believed he was not a terrorist. "We believe he is not likely to be a member of any terrorist group," said Khalid. Khalid also revealed that the boy's mother was waiting for him in Germany.  She got worried when he stopped communicating with her, thus prompting her to contact authorities in Malaysia. The 19-year-old's companion, whose identity is still unknown, came to Malaysia on the same day.  Other reports say the two men purchased their stolen passports in order to settle in Europe.  They stayed with a friend in Kuala Lumpur before getting on that fateful flight. While this new development may weaken the likelihood of a terrorist act being behind the plane's disappearance, Khalid said authorities have not yet ruled out foul play. Meanwhile, Malaysia Airlines group CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya released a statement on The Malaysian Insider, saying that arrangements are being made "to bring the families from Beijing to Kuala Lumpur on March 11. "Search and rescue operations are still ongoing, in cooperation with Malaysia's Department of Civil Aviation and Ministry of Transport, with assistance from teams from Australia, China, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam, the Philippines, New Zealand and the United States. "Malaysia Airlines reiterates that it will continue to be transparent in communicating with the general public via the media on all matters affecting MH370," the statement read. Search and rescue efforts have also expanded from the sea and into land, as the possibility of a land crash is also being considered. "So far we have found no signs (of the plane) . . .  so we must widen our search on land," Vietnamese People's Army deputy chief of staff Lt.  Gen.  Vo Van Tuan told the Associated Press. 