A woman displays the driver’s licence of a friend who may be a passenger on board the missing Malaysia Airlines flight.  The plane’s last known location was off the country’s Ca Mau peninsula although the exact position was not clear.  AFPOil slicks spotted in the South China Sea.  Earlier reports of the oil slicks discovered off Vietnam coast were found to have no link to the disappeared plane.  Also, reports about spotting the jet’s door and a life raft turned out to be false.  ReutersMalaysian Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya (2nd L) in Kuala Lumpur on 10 March.  Malaysia Airlines tweeted that search operations continued overnight, urging people to pray for the kins of those on board as for them “every minute seemed like an hour”.  ReutersA Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency patrol vessel searches for the missing MH370.  The US also sent the FBI to investigate after MH370 vanished from radar early on 8 March.  APRelatives of a passenger who was on board the flight MH370.  Malaysia on 9 March launched a terror probe into the disappearance of the jet.  There were also reports of two passengers who boarded with stolen passports.  AFPA relative of Chinese passengers aboard Flight MH370 prays at a gathering in Beijing.  10 nations including the US are taking part in the search and rescue operations with 40 ships and 34 aircraft.  However, no clues have been found yet.  APA Soviet aircraft looks for the missing Malaysian jet MH370 over the seas of southern Vietnam.  The Beijing-bound flight with 239 people on-board disappeared on Saturday between Malaysia and Vietnam after it lost contact with the ground controllers.  AFPStudents in China pray for passengers aboard Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.  China has deployed 10 satellites to help in the search for the plane, as a frantic multi-nation hunt for the missing jet enters its fourth day on Tuesday.  ReutersThe mystery around the sudden disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines jetliner MH370, carrying 239 people that went missing on Saturday, continues with initial clues turning out to be useless.  Images of the search for the missing plane. Students in China pray for passengers aboard Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.  China has deployed 10 satellites to help in the search for the plane, as a frantic multi-nation hunt for the missing jet enters its fourth day on Tuesday.  ReutersA Soviet aircraft looks for the missing Malaysian jet MH370 over the seas of southern Vietnam.  The Beijing-bound flight with 239 people on-board disappeared on Saturday between Malaysia and Vietnam after it lost contact with the ground controllers.  AFPA relative of Chinese passengers aboard Flight MH370 prays at a gathering in Beijing.  10 nations including the US are taking part in the search and rescue operations with 40 ships and 34 aircraft.  However, no clues have been found yet.  APRelatives of a passenger who was on board the flight MH370.  Malaysia on 9 March launched a terror probe into the disappearance of the jet.  There were also reports of two passengers who boarded with stolen passports.  AFPA Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency patrol vessel searches for the missing MH370.  The US also sent the FBI to investigate after MH370 vanished from radar early on 8 March.  APMalaysian Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya (2nd L) in Kuala Lumpur on 10 March.  Malaysia Airlines tweeted that search operations continued overnight, urging people to pray for the kins of those on board as for them “every minute seemed like an hour”.  ReutersOil slicks spotted in the South China Sea.  Earlier reports of the oil slicks discovered off Vietnam coast were found to have no link to the disappeared plane.  Also, reports about spotting the jet’s door and a life raft turned out to be false.  ReutersA woman displays the driver’s licence of a friend who may be a passenger on board the missing Malaysia Airlines flight.  The plane’s last known location was off the country’s Ca Mau peninsula although the exact position was not clear.  AFP