BALASINOR (Gujarat): In a hard-hitting attack on Narendra Modi on his home turf, Rahul Gandhi today accused his government of "stealing" farmers' land and charged the BJP with appropriating credit for schemes launched by the Congress-led UPA.   Without directly naming the Gujarat Chief Minister, Gandhi also alluded that Modi works like Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler and attacked him for retaining "corrupt" ministers in his state cabinet while talking tall of fighting corruption.   "What kind of chowkidari (guarding) is happening in Gujarat.  Lakhs of acres of land are being taken away from the farmers and being given to industrialists.  When farmers say something, their voice is ignored.   "Is stealing the land of farmers chowkidari.  This is called theft and not chowkidari," Gandhi said addressing a rally in Balasinor, the first destination of his tour programme.   Modi has been saying in his rallies that he will work like a 'chowkidar' of the nation's treasury if BJP government came to power.   Seeking to draw a parallel between BJP's India Shining Campaign in 2004 Lok Sabha polls and its focus on Gujarat's development under Modi, Gandhi said it is being publicised in the whole country that Gujarat shines but its sheen is limited to few industrialists and the poor have not benefited from it.   BJP had lost the 2004 polls and the India Shining campaign of the NDA not going down well with the electorate was attributed as one of reasons.   Accusing BJP of taking credit for programmes initiated by Congress, Gandhi said in a sarcastic tone that the leaders of the Opposition party will claim after a decade that they had also brought MNREGA and Right to Food, the flagship programmes of Congress-led UPA.   "There are two kinds of leaders.  The first type belongs to those who go among people, have some ideology and believe in the knowledge of people.  He goes to them, asks them and learns from them.  The thinking of this kind of leader is that it is the people who are repository of knowledge.  Such a leader wants to understand people and has no pride.   "Then there is another kind of leader, whose best example is perhaps Hitler.  Hitler thought there was no need to go to people.  He believed entire knowledge of the world is only in his mind.  That kind of leader only talks that he did this and that.  That leader does not require to go to people," Gandhi said.   The Congress Vice President had in the past also compared Modi to Hitler.  - PTI NEW DELHI: In a jolt to Aam Aadmi Party, National Executive member Ashok Agarwal today quit the party, saying it has become "directionless" and functions like a private limited company.   In a letter to party's National Convener Arvind Kejriwal, Agarwal, who has been associated with the party since its founding days, said that he joined the party for strong principles, but the goals for which it was created for are getting lost.   "The movement seems to have become directionless causing doubts in the minds of people and even people like me who are today feeling the party is functioning like a private company.   "The connect of Aam Aadmi is on wean and a group of elite individuals is promoted to take over the party.  Aam Aadmi has taken a back seat and what's on the mind of such individuals is personal projection at the cost of that very Aam Aadmi vision," Agarwal said in the letter.   The National Executive Committee is the second most important committee in the party after the Political Affairs Committee.   Confirming Agarwal's quitting, party's national spokesperson Deepak Bajpai said, "He never raised these issues at party forum.  Had he done, we would have addressed the issues. " He said that the party learnt about his resignation through the media.   AAP sources also said that Agarwal was keen to contest from Chandni Chowk, but the party fielded former journalist Ashutosh from the constituency.  Despite repeated attempts Agarwal could not be contacted.   On one hand, when new people are joining the newly formed outfit, some members who have been associated with the party since its inception days are quitting.   Former AAP leader Madhu Bhaduri, a former diplomat, quit the party and condemned the Khirki extension case in which Somnath Bharti, then Delhi's Law's Minister, undertook a midnight raid on Ugandan women's residence.   Another National Council member Ashwini Upadhaya had also accused the party of "parachuting" candidates and deviating from its goals.  - PTI  SRINAGAR: Kashmir Valley was today cut off from rest of the country due to heavy snowfall as the arterial Srinagar-Jammu national highway remained closed while flights to the city airport here could not operate.   Heavy snowfall has been reported from across the Valley with Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, also getting nearly one feet of snow since last night.   The snowfall has led to closure of the 294-km Srinagar-Jammu national highway, the only all weather road link between the valley and rest of the country, a traffic department official said.   He said the ongoing snowfall was hampering the road clearance operations.  An official of the airport authority of India said no flight has been able to arrive at Srinagar airport since this morning due to the snowfall.   "No flights have been cancelled so far but if it continues to snow, the chances of any flights arriving here are bleak," he added.   The authorities closed the schools for two days while Kashmir University has postponed all the exams scheduled for the day. The snowfall and rains since yesterday have affected normal life in the Valley as people preferred to stay indoors today.   Many roads of the city including commercial hub of Lal Chowk and Exhibition crossing have been inundated and people are facing difficulty in moving around.  MeT department has forecast rain or snowfall in most parts of Kashmir over the next 24 hours.  - PTI  RAIPUR: At least 20 security personnel were today feared killed or seriously injured in a Naxal ambush in a dense forest in Chhattisgarh's Sukma district.   Chhattisgarh's Additional Director General (Intelligence) Mukesh Gupta said a joint team of CRPF and state police was attacked by a large group of Naxalites at the 'Jeeram Nullah' under the Tongapal Police Station area of the district.   "We suspect 15 casualties," Gupta told reporters.  CRPF sources said 15 of its personnel and five from state police may have been killed in the ambush.   An assistant commandant rank officer of CRPF is believed to among those feared killed.  The incident took place in the same area where Naxalite had killed 76 police personnel in April 2010.   In New Delhi, Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde confirmed the ambush, saying details are still awaited.  Sources said a squad of 44 personnel, including 30 CRPF and 14 state police were out for an operation, when Naxals triggered landmine blasts and firing leading to the killings.   A senior CRPF official said they have recovered the bodies of three of their personnel and are awaiting details as the area is "heavily mined. "  Sources said two helicopters have been sent in from Jagdalpur and Raipur to the ambush area with reinforcements drawn from the CoBRA battalion and CRPF.   The area is notorious for Naxal activities as it is also to close to 'Jeeram Ghati' where top Congress leadership of the state was wiped out by Maoists in May last year.   According to preliminary information, the joint security squad was deployed for a 'Road Opening' duty in the area for the movement of security forces convoy.   The jawans of CRPF belong to its 8th battalion which is deployed for anti-Naxal operations in the state.  - PTI KUALA LUMPUR: The search area for a missing jetliner has expanded with Malaysian Airlines saying the Western coast of the country is now the focus of the hunt.  That is on the other side of Malaysia from where flight MH370 was reported missing.   In a statement on Tuesday, it said the hunt had expanded beyond the flight path, and the “focus is on the West Peninsular of Malaysia at the Straits of Malacca”.  Civil aviation chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman says search teams continued to look in both areas.   Vietnam’s deputy military chief says he had ordered a land search for the plane up to border with Laos and Cambodia.  The announcements reflect the difficulty authorities are having in finding the plane, which was carrying 239 people when it vanished off radar screens on Saturday.   Fake passports  The tickets purchased by two passengers using fake passports were issued by a Thai tour agency to an Iranian man, police confirmed on Tuesday.   The two tickets were bought Thursday from two Thai tour agencies, Grand Horizon and Six Stars Travel in the Pattaya beach resort.  They were booked by a man named Ali calling from a private number in Iran, Pattaya Police Chief Colonel Suphachai Phuikaewkham said.   Both tickets were paid for in Thai baht by another Iranian national who runs a picture-framing business in the resort.   “We’ve questioned him but didn’t find anything suspicious about him,” Suphachai said.  “It’s too early to say if this is a case involving terrorists,” he added.  - Agencies MUMBAI: Seeking to downplay speculation that it was reviewing its alliance with BJP, Shiv Sena today said the bond between the two parties was "strong" and there was no need for worry.   Sena made its stand clear in the wake of speculation that the party may review its longstanding alliance with the BJP after arch rival MNS declared that it would challenge the Sena in all seats in Lok Sabha polls, but will support Narendra Modi's candidacy as Prime Minister.   An editorial in the Shiv Sena mouthpiece Saamana said today, "The alliance between the Shiv Sena and BJP is the oldest in the country. . .  nobody needs to worry, it is strong. . .  The BJP and Shiv Sena came together to strengthen Hindutva. " In a related development, Maharashtra BJP President Devendra Fadnavis met Uddhav.   "I conveyed to Uddhavji that BJP considers Sena its natural and trusted ally," Fadnavis said after the meeting.   "BJP cadres will work only for Mahayuti (the five party grand opposition alliance led by Sena BJP)," Fadnavis said, after meeting Uddhav at the latter's residence Matoshree in suburban Bandra.   The Maharashtra Narvnirman Sena is an offshoot of the Shiv Sena, headed by Uddhav's cousin Raj Thackeray.  The two parties have fought bitterly for largely the same constituency in the last few elections, which has helped the rival Congress-NCP combine become stronger in the state.   BJP leader Nitin Gadkari had recently met Raj Thackeray in Mumbai, to suggest that the MNS not contest the general elections to avoid dividing opposition votes.  - PTI