March 12 (Bloomberg) -- Malaysian Airline System Bhd.  is investigating reports the copilot of a plane that disappeared on March 8 invited passengers to the cockpit on a prior flight. Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and Fariq Abdul Hamid, the first officer, were piloting Flight 370 from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people aboard when the jet dropped from radar.  In a statement, Malaysian Air said it was “shocked by the allegations” that Fariq hosted guests on the flight deck in 2011.  While the company said it hadn’t confirmed the validity of photos an Australian television program said showed Fariq with passengers, the carrier said it was taking them “very seriously. ”As investigators continued to search for the missing jet, the report from Australia’s “A Current Affair” TV program raised questions about Fariq’s judgment, said Richard Bloom, director of Terrorism and Security Studies at the Prescott, Arizona, campus of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. Inviting passengers into the cockpit is “out of bounds for all airlines,” Bloom said.  “Is it possible? Sure. ”He said just because Fariq, 27, may have invited passengers to the flight deck in the past didn’t mean that had any bearing on Flight 370’s disappearance. Since the Sept.  11 terrorist attacks, passengers have been barred from cockpits on international flights.  Malaysian Air’s policy states that flight deck doors must be electronically locked and can be opened only from the inside.  All of its planes have cameras to identify people outside the cockpit, according to the carrier’s media center. The Australian program aired pictures it said showed Fariq hosting passengers during a 2011 flight between Kuala Lumpur and Phuket, Thailand.  On the show, a passenger identified as Jonti Roos said she and a female traveling companion were invited into the cockpit for the entire flight.  Roos told The Wall Street Journal that the invite came while they were waiting to board the plane. Fariq, who joined the airline in 2007, was filmed last month by a crew from “CNN Business Traveler” executing what reporter Richard Quest called a perfect landing of a Boeing 777-200, the same model of the twin-aisle workhorse now missing.  An online tribute page to the pilots shows a photo of Fariq in the cockpit that day, smiling. Fariq graduated from the Langkawi Aerospace Flying Academy, according to an interview with his brother by the Malaysian newspaper New Sunday Times.  He was the eldest of five siblings, the newspaper said.  The cover photo on his Facebook page depicts pilot’s wings with Malaysian Air’s insignia. Fariq’s grandmother, identified as Halimah Abdul Rahman, said he is “a good son, obedient, respect the elders and a pious man,” according to a posting on a tribute website. “It’s not unusual to have such a young pilot on a 777,” said Shukor Yusof, an analyst at Standard & Poor’s in Singapore.  “You usually have a captain who is really senior who has many hours under his belt and you have a junior guy.  That’s part of the learning process in many airlines. ”Captain Zaharie joined the carrier in 1981 and logged 18,365 flying hours, according to Malaysian Air.  That’s similar to what a U. S.  pilot would need to have before being assigned the command of a wide-body craft like the 777, said Kit Darby of Kit Darby Aviation Consulting in Peachtree City, Georgia. “My understanding is he was widely respected and loved the 777,” said Richard Healing, a former National Transportation Safety Board member.  “He knew every nook and cranny and every possible thing that could go wrong with that aircraft.  Which tells you if there was any way to save that airplane, this would be the guy to save it, depending on what went wrong and whether he was disabled. ”Zaharie’s enthusiasm for the Boeing jetliner extends beyond his profession.  The captain built his own flight simulator using a computer program, steering pedals, a yoke and touch screens for flight controls, according to an online post on a community of simulator enthusiasts.  Many of his Facebook friends work at Malaysian Air.  Some of them have changed their cover pictures to images of text with words of support, including “Pray for MH370” and “Hope. ”Zaharie also flies remote-controlled aircraft such as a Bell Helicopter 222 and an amphibious plane, according to the tribute website.  His engineering interest stretches beyond flying, with YouTube videos posted to his account showing viewers how to make their air conditioners more efficient. After about four days of fruitless efforts in the Gulf of Thailand, search teams have broadened their hunt to the South China Sea and Malacca Strait between Malaysia and Indonesia.  The authorities are looking at the possibility that the aircraft tried to turn back to Subang, near the capital Kuala Lumpur, the airline said in a statement. “All right, good night” were the last words from the cockpit of the missing plane, according to Straits Times in Singapore, citing aviation officials from Malaysia.  The response was made after the pilots were told they were entering Vietnamese airspace by the Malaysian air traffic controllers, the report said. Two passengers on the Malaysian Air flight used stolen passports to get aboard, fueling speculation the plane had disappeared because of terrorism.  Malaysian authorities and Interpol said that the two had been identified as Iranians who had no links to terror groups. Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad, 19, got on board using an Austrian passport and aimed to migrate to Germany, Inspector General of Police Khalid Abu Bakar said in Kuala Lumpur.  The second man is Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza, 29, Interpol Secretary General Ron Noble said in Lyon, France. To contact the reporters on this story: Kyunghee Park in Singapore at kpark3@bloomberg. net; Gerrit De Vynck in Toronto at gdevynck@bloomberg. netTo contact the editors responsible for this story: Anand Krishnamoorthy at anandk@bloomberg. net Robin Ajello