Aviation lawyer Mary Schiavo said Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 may have stalled before crashing into the seaFormer Inspector General of the United States Department of Transportation Mary Schiavo, who has dealt with some of the world’s biggest airline disasters, told the 7. 30 Report not a lot of information was known about the jet’s final minutes. But she said reports it dropped suddenly before going off the radar suggested a stall. The Boeing 777 disappeared with 239 passengers on-board, including six Australians, in the early hours of Saturday en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Ms Schiavo, who represented both families of passengers and crew in the 9-11 attacks as well as a fatal Air France crash in 2009, told 7. 30 presenter Sarah Ferguson the lack of contact with the jet was strange since 777s are designed to provide information to the airline’s base at all times. She added reports the plane made a sharp right run and dropped suddenly before it went off the radar indicated the plane may have literally fallen out of the sky. “To me that suggests a stall.  When an aeroplane stalls — and that doesn’t mean you lose your engines, it means that you’re losing your air flow over your wings, sufficient speed to keep the plane in the air,” she told Ferguson during last night’s 7. 30 Report. “What happens is the plane noses up and it goes up like this and then it kind of shakes and then it falls off and it would lose altitude really dramatically and that’s what happens in a stall. ”She added it was possible to recover from a stall but pilots had to be on top of their instruments and flying carefully. The US lawyer said the same thing happened with Air France 447 where air space deteriorated, pilots encountered weather problems and there wasn’t enough air flow over the wings to keep it in the air. Ms Schiavo’s comments follow earlier reports which claimed the plane had dropped 200m suddenly and changed course just before contact was lost. Aviation experts speculate it could mean the plane suffered engine failure, the plane swerved to avoid another jet or an explosion had taken place. If Ms Schiavo is correct in this case, it wouldn’t be the first time a plane had stalled with catastrophic consequences. In 2009 Air France Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris crashed after the Airbus A330 plunged into the Atlantic Ocean, killing all 228 on board. It took three years for investigators to discover that ice crystals had most likely blocked the plane’s air speed sensors, eventually leading to the plane to stall. In May last year, a US cargo airline crash killed all seven crew members on board after taking-off from Bagram air base in Afghanistan. Video of the crash shows the Boeing-747 taking off, then appearing to float in the air before tipping its nose up in the air and plummeting to the ground, bursting into flames. While the cause of the crash remains unknown, Fox News reported there was speculation the cargo may have suddenly shifted during the plane’s climb. This could affect airflow over a plane’s wings, potentially causing it to stall and crash suddenly. 