A special task force from China along with representatives of the US Federal Aviation Authority, the National Transportation Safety Board, and the aircraft manufacturer Boeing are all in Malaysia to assist authorities looking at possible explanations for the aircraft’s disappearance.  While there were more updates, and even some breakthroughs, nothing so far has been able to ease the pain and worry of those whose relatives were on the flight. For the past three days, the Malaysian relatives of passengers aboard the missing flight have stayed together at this hotel waiting for any news of their family members, praying for the best, bracing for the worst. "For sure we hope to see him, whether he is alive and in good condition, or whatever the outcome, we accept it. " One father of missing passenger. While the search for any clue as to the whereabouts of MH Flight 370 intensified on the water and from the air, on land Malaysia’s chief of police spoke addressed the media for the first time since the airplane disappeared early Saturday morning. While other agencies look at the possibilities of mechanical or structural issues, the police revealed the focus of their own investigations into the possible causes for the plane’s disappearance. “We are looking at four areas: Hijacking, sabotage, psychological problems among passengers and crew, personal problems among passengers and crew.  We have gone through the passenger manifest with counterparts in at least 14 countries from passengers came. . . etc. ” said Khalid Abu Bakar, Inspector General, Malaysia Police. The police chief said it will take considerable time to screen the backgrounds of all the passengers and crew. But investigators have made key breakthroughs in their investigations into the two men who boarded the flight using stolen European passports.  They believe both men were Iranian, and have identified one of them, a 19 year old who they believe was trying to migrate to Europe. The police chief said the young man’s mother lives in Germany and contacted Malaysian authorities when her son failed to arrive as planned, another relative now deeply worried about the fate of their loved ones aboard Flight 370. 