KUALA LUMPUR — Investigators from nine countries are struggling to solve the mystery of a missing Malaysian jet, as Vietnamese forces on Monday failed to find the airplane debris they had spotted Sunday off the country’s southern coast. An object floating in the sea was seen on Monday after a helicopter late on Sunday spotted what officials suspected was a window or door fragment of a plane.  Malaysia still had no information about the Boeing 777-200, which was carrying 239 people, and reports that plane parts were spotted are not confirmed, Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, director general of the Department of Civil Aviation, said. China, Australia and the US are among those helping in the search for the Malaysian Airline System plane that went missing from radar screens on a flight to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur on March 8.  The possibility that terrorism may have caused its disappearance arose after Austria and Italy said passports used by two male passengers were stolen from their citizens.  Malaysia said it had identified one of them. "We are trying to ascertain if the two holders of false passport entered Malaysia, legally or illegally," Inspector-General of Police Khalid Abu Bakar said in a cellphone text message. Closed-circuit television footage exists of the two people who used the false passports, Mr Azharuddin said on Sunday. "We have the CCTV recordings of those passengers from check-in right through the departure point. "The Royal Thai Police is probing the two passports that were reported stolen in Phuket in 2012 and last year, spokesman Piya Uthayo said on Monday. Vietnam, at the request of Malaysian authorities, is sending two ships to investigate what resembles a gray life raft 140km southwest of the island, according to the aviation search and rescue co-ordination centre in Hanoi. "We need hard evidence, we need concrete evidence — we need parts of the aircraft for us to analyse," Mr Azharuddin said. "The honourable prime minister used the word ’perplexing. ’ We are equally puzzled". The twin-engine, wide-body plane carried 227 passengers and 12 crew members, with Chinese travelers accounting for the largest group by nationality at 153, including an infant, the airline said.  Also aboard were three US citizens, according to the US State Department.  "We are constantly urging and asking the Malaysian side to step up search and rescue," Qin Gang, China’s Foreign Ministry spokesman, said on Monday. "Two days after the incident, we still hope the Malaysian side will fully understand the mood of the Chinese family members and they will try their best to speed up investigation. "The object spotted on Sunday is suspected to be part of a plane’s emergency door or window, and rough seas and darkness prevented retrieval, Le Van Minh, a Vietnamese coast guard commander, said on Monday.  It was seen 90km south of Tho Chu Island. All the passengers on the flight to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur are being investigated, with a focus on four names, Malaysian Acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said separately on Monday without elaborating. The aircraft, which disappeared without providing any distress signal, may have made an "air turn-back," said Mr Hishammuddin.  That means the plane may have deviated from its planned route, said Malaysian Air CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya. Before Flight MH370 took off, the airline removed the baggage of five passengers who did not board after checking in, Mr Azharuddin said on Monday. The carrier said on Monday that it feared the worst. The most recent crash of this magnitude was in February 19 2003, when an Iranian Revolutionary Guard plane crashed in the Indian Ocean, killing 275 people, according to the Aviation Safety Network. Thailand said it sent a ship, a helicopter and a plane to search the Langkawi archipelago in the Andaman Sea, about 90 nautical miles from Phuket. Interpol said in a statement that two people using Italian and Austrian passports on the flight, Luigi Maraldi and Christian Kozel, had consecutive ticket numbers, according to the Chinese e-ticket verification system Travelsky.  Both tickets were issued on March 6, according to the website of China Southern Airlines Company, which was a code-share on the flight. A team from the US National Transportation Safety Board was heading to Malaysia to be in place once the wreckage of the plane is located.  The team was being joined by experts from the Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing, Kelly Nantel, a spokeswoman, said. A wing on the plane was damaged after a minor collision with another aircraft previously, and was repaired and cleared by Boeing, Mr Ahmad Jauhari said on Sunday, without specifying when it happened. There is no indication of terrorism at this point, said a US official following the case, asking not to be identified because the investigation is still in its early stages.  The US is working with authorities in the region, the official said. The Austrian passport used to board the flight belonged to a 30-year-old who reported the theft in 2012 in Thailand, while the Italian was Luigi Maraldi, who disclosed his loss in August, according to the countries’ foreign ministries.  Neither man was on the Malaysian aircraft, their governments said. The destroyer USS Pinckney from the US Navy’s Seventh Fleet has joined the search. President Barack Obama was briefed while on a weekend family vacation in Key Largo, Florida, said Josh Earnest, a White House spokesman. Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke to Mr Obama by phone on Monday about the missing plane, China state broadcaster CCTV reported. While Muslim-majority Malaysia has not seen any recent major terrorist attacks on home soil, it has been used as a transit and planning hub, according to a 2012 report by the US State Department.  China has occasionally suffered what it calls terrorist attacks by Uighurs, a mainly Muslim ethnic group from the nation’s northwest Xinjiang region. If terrorism was involved, the flight’s disappearance over water may not be a coincidence as that helps obscure evidence, said John Magaw, a consultant who formerly was administrator of the Transportation Security Administration and director of the US Secret Service. US Representative Mike Rogers, chairman of the House intelligence committee, said he had seen no indication the US had picked up evidence of a mid-air explosion of the plane. The lack of such evidence "is certainly adding to the mystery," Rogers said on Sunday. The presence of two passengers with stolen passports signals possible terrorism, said Mr Magaw, citing intelligence warnings that multiple attackers might seek to elude detection by smuggling different parts of bombs onto planes and then assembling the pieces in restrooms. Malaysia began an internal investigation of its Immigration Department, the Malaysian National News Agency reported. Malaysia’s last communication with the plane, just before a hand-off to Vietnamese authorities, was "normal," according to Mr Azharuddin.  Contact was lost a minute before the aircraft entered Vietnam’s airspace, its government said on its website. The plane disappeared from Malaysian radar at 1. 30am on March 8.  The carrier said the last radar contact with the plane was about 120 nautical miles east of Kota Bahru, near the South China Sea.  FlightAware, a Houston-based compiler of global air traffic information, gave the jet’s last known altitude as 35,000ft as it flew a northeasterly course at 539 mph.  The 777 has been involved in only three accidents serious enough to destroy a plane. The only fatalities occurred in last year’s Asiana Airlines crash in San Francisco, where investigators focused on pilot error. US Representative Peter King, a Republican from New York ,who is chairman of the House Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, said on Sunday that so far no terror link has been found. 