The Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 left Kuala Lumpur International Airport last Saturday with 239 people on board.  The jetliner was supposed to arrive in Beijing but was declared missing after Malaysian aviation authorities lost contact with the MH370 flight.  As of this writing, there are no positive developments yet regarding the location of the missing aircraft were found.  Here is a timeline of the MH370 flight from its departure until today:March 8 • Aviation authorities said that MH370 lost contact around 12:04am with the air traffic control.  • Vietnam said that the Malaysia Airlines plane had been missing in its airspace.  41 ships and 36 aircraft have been deployed from Southeast Asian countries, the United States of America, Australia, China and New Zealand to hasten up the search and rescue operations.  • Later that evening, Vietnam announced that oil slicks have been traced in the area where the plane’s last location could have been.  The results showed no signs of the Boeing 777.  • Two passengers were reported to be on board the plane with stolen passports. March 9 • Malaysian authorities eyed on the possibility of terroristic attacks on the jetliner.  • The authorities in Malaysian said that the plane may have turned back to Kuala Lumpur for an unidentified reason.  • A Vietnamese plane spotted debris which was thought to be from the missing plane, but was later proven false. March 10 • Authorities stated that the search and rescue operations for the missing airplane expanded to 100 nautical miles.  • Malaysia Airlines started drops by 18% on its Monday trading prior to a 4% low at the end of the trade.  • Malaysia sends out ships to investigate to what have been seen to be a life raft, only to find out it was flotsam.  • Malaysian chemical analysts said that the oil leaks were not from the Boeing 777.  • Boeing experts joined the investigation. March 11 • Chinese authorities reported that they would deploy as much as 10 satellites to hasten up the probe.  • The search operations have even expanded which included the Malaysian peninsula itself and the west coast waters.  • Vietnam asks fishing boats to help in the operations but only showed little hope was indeed too little. Nearing day five, still the MH370 is nowhere to be found. 