PHU QUOC: Vietnam’s search and rescue mission on Tuesday said it would extend the search area for the missing MAS flight MH370 with 239 people on board. The team is working in co-operation with Malaysia, the United States, China, Thailand and other nations in a desperate hunt for the plane. Major General Do Minh Tuan, deputy commander of the Vietnamese Air Force, said Vietnam would continue the search, despite the lack of evidence about what happened to it or where it went down. “The search might take a long time.  We will modify our methods every day,” Tuan said. Vietnam has allowed two Chinese naval ships to carry out search operations in suspected areas in Vietnam waters. Tuan told reporters that on Wednesday, Singapore would use a device to search for objects under water. Many foreign correspondents were allowed to board Vietnamese helicopters to fly to search areas, Tuesday. Earlier, Vietnam confirmed that a life jacket-like object, spotted at sea by a commercial plane from Hong Kong earlier Monday, turned out to be unrelated to flight MH370. Also on Tuesday, Vo Van Tuan, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Vietnamese Army, said Vietnam would search along flight routes, from Hon Khoai in southernmost Ca Mau province to Ho Chi Minh City. He said the search would also continue in provinces in other southern provinces. Tuan told local and foreign reporters at the National Committee for Search and Rescue that Vietnam would also deploy forces to comb mountainous and forest areas. Vietnam also ordered government agencies to co-ordinate with Cambodia and Laos in searching border areas. Many countries, including China, Malaysia, the United States, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand, Australia, the Philippines and New Zealand have joined in the search for the missing plane, but no clues have so far been discovered. In a strange twist, Malaysia’s military believes it tracked the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 by radar over the Straits of Malacca, far from where it last made contact with civilian air traffic control over the Gulf of Thailand. A military source confirmed with Reuters that the Boeing 777-200 changed course and made it to the other side of the peninsula. However, Vu The Chien, deputy chief officer of the National Search and Rescue Committee, said Viet Nam had not received any information from Malaysia regarding the Reuters report. The plane went missing on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in the early hours of Saturday.  — Viet Nam News/ANN