The investigation into the disappearance of Malaysia’s Boeing 777 flight 370 with 239 people on board including its crew members has only raised more questions and speculative theories.  Speculations range from airplane malfunction to terrorism, pilot error and hijacking, all which have not revealed any significant information leading to a conclusive answer. One theory which has held up from the beginning of the disappearance is the possibility of terrorist activity, since two of the men on-board flight 370 were known to be carrying stolen passports, however, on Tuesday, March.  11.  Malaysian authorities identified Iranian born Pouria Nour Mohammad, 18 as “not likely to be a member of a terrorist group, since authorities have been in contact with his mother who waited for him to arrive in Frankfurt on Saturday, the day of the planes disappearance. The other Iranian man identified only as Delavar Seyed Mohammadreza, 29 is also speculated as not having any ties with terrorists groups -- nevertheless, information regarding Delavar has not been as forthcoming as Pouria’s, which is reason enough to not rule out terrorism.  Lack of information about Delavar has prompted Interpol Secretary General Ronald K.  Noble to appeal to the public for more information about the two.  Although Delavar’s motive for using a stolen passport is yet to be determined, seeking asylum appears to be the general consensus. Pilot error, as the cause for the Malaysian’s Boeing 777 disappearance is another focal point in the investigation amid recent allegations by a woman who says that the co-pilot of flight 370 Fariq Ab Hamid let her sit in the cockpit during a 2011 flight from Phuket to Kuala Lumpur -- a practice which has been highly regulated, and strictly prohibited since the 911 attacks. Malaysia Airlines issued a statement regarding first officer Fariq’s actions saying they are “shocked” by the allegations and are taking it very seriously. Malaysia Airlines has become aware of the allegations being made against First Officer, Fariq Ab Hamid which we take very seriously.  We are shocked by these allegations.  We have not been able to confirm the validity of the pictures and videos of the alleged incident.  As you are aware, we are in the midst of a crisis, and we do not want our attention to be diverted.  We also urge the media and general public to respect the privacy of the families of our colleagues and passengers.  It has been a difficult time for them.  The welfare of both the crew and passenger’s families remain our focus.  At the same time, the security and safety of our passengers is of the utmost importance to us. [ Related story, video and photos: Missing Malaysia airline pilot SMOKED and chatted with us in the cockpit, reveals young blonde passenger ]Adding to the mystery of the plane's disappearance, developing news is now reporting that the Malaysian military discovered that Malaysian's Airline flight 370 changed course and made it to the country's west coast after disappearing off radar over the South China Sea. [ Related: Malaysia's military investigating reports that missing plane changed course, made it to country's west coast ]