• According to Malaysian air force, military radar caught the Flight MH370 during its changed flight path• The Boeing 777 disappeared about an hour after it took off from Kuala Lumpur bound for the Chinese capital Beijing on Saturday• Both men who boarded with stolen passports were identified as Iranians, including a 19-year-old who was believed to be trying to migrate to GermanyKUALA LUMPUR - Mystery over the missing Malaysia Airlines plane got more baffling Wedneesday as it became increasingly likely that the airliner, with 239 people on board, turned west, away from its planned route, before vanishing. According to Malaysian Air Force, military radar caught the Flight MH370 during its changed flight path.  The new revelation has caused the search to shift to the busy Straits of Malacca, at least 100 miles away from where the plane was last recorded by electronic monitoring devices. The search, now in its fifth day, has so far found no trace of the aircraft or the passengers and the crew. "It changed course after Kota Bharu and took a lower altitude.  It made it into the Malacca Strait," the senior military officer, who has been briefed on investigations, told Reuters. The Boeing 777 disappeared two hours after it took off from Kuala Lumpur bound for the Chinese capital Beijing on Saturday. Malaysia's Berita Harian newspaper quoted Air Force chief Rodzali Daud as saying the plane was last detected at 2. 40 a. m.  by military radar near the island of Pulau Perak at the northern end of the Straits of Malacca.  It was flying about 1,000 metres lower than its previous altitude, he was quoted by Reuters as saying. The transponder of the plane had also been turned off, something which only the pilot can do.  The effect of switching it off would make the aircraft inert to civil radar. Officials also held up photographs of two men who boarded the plane with stolen passports.  Both were identified as Iranians, including a 19-year-old who was believed to be trying to migrate to Germany. Interpol secretary general Ronald K Noble identified him as Pouri Nourmohammadi, and the other man as Delavar Seyedmohammaderza, 29.  They had flown from Doha to Kuala Lumpur.  They used Iranian passports to enter Malaysia on February 28, but used stolen passports to fly onwards. Noble said Tuesday that information about the pair made terrorism a less likely cause of the plane's disappearance. Nourmohammadi's mother was waiting for him in Frankfurt and contacted authorities after he didn't show up. Malaysian police said they were investigating all angles, including hijacking, sabotage, or whether the personal and psychological problems of the crew and passengers could be linked to flight MH370's disappearance"Other than mechanical problems, these are the main areas of concern," said Malaysia's inspector general, Tan Sri Khalid Abu Bakar. Vietnamese military said its units were looking for signs if the aircraft might have crashed into remote mountains or uninhabited jungle areas. In a statement released on Tuesday, Malaysia Airlines said: "The authorities are looking at a possibility of an attempt made by MH370 to turn back to Subang.  All angles are being looked at.  We are not ruling out any possibilities. "In related news, Malaysia Airlines said it is probing an Australian television report that the co-pilot on the missing plane had invited two women into the cockpit during a flight in 2011. Jonti Roos said she and her friend were allowed to stay in the cockpit during the one-hour flight on Dec.  14, 2011, from Phuket, Thailand, to Kuala Lumpur. She described the encounter on Australia's "A Current Affair".  Malaysia Airlines said it is investigating an Australian television report. Currently aircraft and ships from nine countries are scouring the Gulf of Thailand on the eastern side of Malaysia as well as land areas for the missing craft. The United States has sent two navy ships, at least one of which is equipped with a Navy P-3C Orion plane with sensors that can detect small debris in the water. Adding to the mystery is the claims of some relatives who said they were able to call the cell phones of their loved ones or find them on a Chinese instant messenger service called QQ that indicated that the phones of their missing kin were still online. 