KUCHING: The guessing game on who Parti Pesaka Bumuputara Bersatu (PBB) will field in the Balingian by-election will be over today when Chief Minster Tan Sri Datuk Amar Adenan Satem makes the announcement. Yesterday, Assistant Minister in the Chief Minister’s Office Datuk Daud Abdul Rahman said the chief minister is expected to reveal the name of the candidate after a PBB meeting at the PBB headquarters, Jalan Bako here today. According to sources, more than two names had been submitted for consideration by the party to stand as BN candidate in the Melanau majority constituency. Standing out among them, they said, were Akit Sebli, a former permanent secretary of the Ministry of Tourism, and a young local engineer Adrian Dorhat.  Both men are Melanaus from Mukah.  Akit is in late 50s while Adrian is in his early 30s. The sources also revealed that voters in Balingian had requested that the candidate be a Christian Melanau in line with a ‘gentleman agreement’ between the Muslim and Christian Melanau communities there since the 60s that if the MP for Mukah is a Christian-Melanau the assemblypersons for both Dalat and Balingian should be Muslims. Dalat is currently represented by Datuk Fatimah Abdullah and Balingian was held by newly appointed Yang Di-Pertua Negeri Pehin Sri Abdul Taib Mahmud. Thus, since the MP for Mukah Dato Sri Dr Muhammad Leo Michael Toyad has converted to Islam, the candidate for Balingian by-election this time would most probably be a Christian Melanau. However, when interviewed recently, many voters from different races and religions there were of the view that what matters most is for the elected representative to serve the people well. Meanwhile, when contacted, state PKR chairman and Ba Kelalan assemblyman Baru Bian said his party will announce its candidate “One or two days before nomination” which is set on March 17. “We have listed three potential candidates who are professionals.  All of them are Melanaus from Mukah except for one.  And all of them are men,” he said. Baru, who is a prominent native customary rights (NCR) land lawyer, believed that his party has a genuine struggle to assist the local people. “The BN has been there for many years but the people are still lacking the basic necessities.  So the time has come for the people to examine the track record of the BN for the people of Balingian,” added Baru. In the last state election, Taib won with a majority of 5,154 votes against Suriati Abdullah of PKR and independent candidate Datuk Salleh Jafaruddin. 