KUCHING: Unitar International University with its brand new 15-storey main campus in Kelana Jaya is welcoming all prospective students to register and experience Unitar’s ‘UNIEC’ learning environment. Leveraging on the university’s established online technology platforms, UNIEC is an acronym for Unitar Education Core.  The core reflects the philosophy of the education environment specifically for teaching and learning in the university.  UNIEC is where learners are central to the learning process, which is supported by the university’s environment be it through curriculum design, its facilities, the systematic process and other support services to the students. In summary, UNIEC is holistic learning environment that supports Unitar’s mission; widening access to learning, nurturing wholesome graduates and building a sustainable business. The three learning approaches of UNIEC are UNIEC Face, UNIEC Virtual and MyUNIEC with UNIEC Tab as the device to access their learning enablers.  UNIEC Face is the traditional face-to-face (F2F) learning environment required to ensure learners’ engagement with the academicians. The quality of interaction and engagement with the learners is emphasised along with pedagogical learning activities such as case-based approach and collaborative learning.  UNIEC Virtual is a platform designed to support teaching and learning and provides an effective learning environment where students can reflect, create and share knowledge and skills while collaborating with lecturers, tutors and peers.  UNIEC Virtual is available 24/7 for students to access their learning materials and to communicate with peers or even lecturers. MyUNIEC embodies the personalised learning environment and students can manage their own learning content and process to become self-directed learners.  All the cores and Campus Management System that contains class timetables, financial details and others can be accessed via UNIEC Tab. Students may choose to register their Foundation, Diploma, Bachelors, Masters or Doctorate programmes at Unitar’s Faculty of Business and Information Technology, Faculty of Education and Social Sciences, Faculty of Early Childhood Studies, Faculty of Hospitality and Tourism Management, School of Foundation and General Studies or the Asia Graduate School of Business. Unitar has nurtured numerous local and international scholars in academic disciplines ranging from Education, Business and Information Technology, Early Childhood Studies to Tourism and Hospitality.  Unitar has since transformed while retaining the original objective of providing quality yet affordable education programmes for everyone. Unitar International University’s new campus with extensive facilities such as student lounge, library, dance studio and flexible classrooms is located beside the Kelana Jaya Police Station, and the amenities close by include major establishments such as Giant Hypermarket, Paradigm Mall, Empire Shopping Gallery, Sunway Pyramid and Subang Parade. Accommodations in the vicinity offer a wide range of residential options catering to the vast and varied needs of students from Kuala Lumpur and around Malaysia, as well as international students.  Unitar International University is also accessible from all major routes such as the LDP, Federal Highway, SPRINT Highway and the NKVE.  Furthermore, Kelana Jaya’s Putra LRT Station is conveniently located just 2km from the university, which provides complementary shuttle buses to and from throughout the day.  Other public transportations are also readily available at the new campus. A unique feature of Unitar is the existence of a number of regional centres in different locations throughout Malaysia.  Currently, Unitar has 10 regional centres and more are expected in the near future.  Access to education is a primary goal of Unitar and students can choose to study its courses through the 10 regional centres at Kota Kinabalu, Sabah; Kuching, Sarawak; Alor Setar, Kedah; Kota Bharu, Kelantan; Johor Baru, Johor; Ipoh, Perak; Port Dickson, Negeri Sembilan; Penang; Malacca and Jengka, Pahang. Unitar will be participating in the upcoming Borneo Post International Education Fair (BPIEF) on March 22-23, 10am to 6pm.  For more information on the fair, visit the website at www. bpief. com, their Facebook page or Twitter @bpief. com.  See you there!