(Newsroom America) -- As the search for Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 entered the fourth day there was still no sign of the aircraft. The search and rescue teams (SAR) have expanded the scope beyond the flight path to the West Peninsular of Malaysia at the Straits of Malacca.  The authorities are looking at a possibility of an attempt made by MH370 to turn back to Subang. The mission is aided by various countries namely Australia, China, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam, Philippines, New Zealand and the United States of America. Malaysia Airlines said the assets deployed to cover the search and rescue was extensive, with nine aircraft and 24 vessels deployed. Apart from the search in the sea, a search on land in between these areas is also conducted. The search and rescue teams have analyzed debris and oil slick found in the waters.  It is confirmed that it does not belong to MH370. The B777-200 aircraft that operated MH370 underwent maintenance on 23 February 2014, 12 days before this particular flight on 8 March 2014.  The next check is due on 19 June 2014.  The maintenance was conducted at the KLIA hangar and there were no issues on the health of the aircraft. The aircraft was delivered to Malaysia Airlines in 2002 and have since recorded 53,465. 21 hours with a total of 7525 cycles.  All Malaysia Airlines aircraft are equipped with continuous data monitoring system called the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) which transmits data automatically. "Nevertheless, there were no distress calls and no information was relayed," the airline said. Malaysia Airlines has a special task force to take care of families.  Mercy Malaysia and Tzu Chi and others are also helping Malaysia Airlines by providing special psychological counseling to families and also the MH crew. The Chinese government officials in Malaysia are also working closely with Malaysia Airlines.  A representative from the embassy is stationed at the Emergency Operations Centre to assist with the emergency management and matters related to families in Kuala Lumpur. "We regret and empathise with the families and we will do whatever we can to ensure that all basic needs, comfort, psychological support are delivered.  We are as anxious as the families to know the status of their loved ones. "To the families of the crew on-board MH370, we share your pain and anxiety.  They are of the MAS family and we are deeply affected by this unfortunate incident," the airline said. 