Why The Reasons Offered By The Experts Cannot Hold TrueAll of us have heard, read and seen video footage of accidents during a flight’s takeoff or landing.  But rarely do incidents happen when a flight is seven miles above ground level.  It is this detail that has led aviation experts to assume that whatever happened with the Malaysian Airlines jet happened so fast that the pilots didn’t have the time to place a distress call. With no information to give a direction to the ongoing investigation, it could take months to find out what happened to the Boeing 777 flying from Kaula Lumpur to Beijing. “At this early stage, we’re focusing on the facts that we don’t know,” said Todd Curtis, former safety engineer with Boeing who worked on its 777 wide-body jets, and is now the director of the Airsafe. com Foundation.  Curtis believes that if there was a minor mechanical failure or something even more serious, the pilots would have had time to radio for help.  But the lack of a call or a message “suggests something very sudden and very violent happened,” said William Waldock, professor of accident investigation at Embry–Riddle Aeronautical University, Prescott. While the experts are investigating whether the plane ran out of fuel leading it into a quick and sudden dive, they are not completely ignoring the fact that it could be a terrorist attack gone wrong, especially after Malaysian authorities found that two passengers on the flight were carrying stolen passports. “Either you had a catastrophic event that tore the airplane apart or you had a criminal act, “said Scott Hamilton, managing director of Leeham Co. , an aviation consultancy.  With no sign of wreckage and only bits and pieces of information that don’t fit into the bigger picture, experts have decided to continue investigating without ruling out any possibilities. Intrigued by this entire incident I did my own research and here is what I found. According to Boeing’s statistical summary, 30 percent of commercial jet plane accidents occur during takeoff and the climb and 36 percent accidents occur during landing whereas only 8 percent of accidents happen when the flight is cruising mid-air. Not to mention that Boeing 777 is one of the world’s most popular and safest jets.  It was first put in service by British Airways in the year 1995 and has been used by various airlines without any reports of fatal accident for 18 years.  However this record was broken in July last year when a mechanical failure in Asiana Airlines’ jet led the plane to crash in San Francisco, killing three out of 307 passengers. Going by the plane’s impressive safety record the experts have laid out some reasons that could have caused the Malaysian airlines jet to disappear.  But judging by the facts here is why these reasons cannot hold true:However, in the case of the Malaysian Airlines Flight that disappeared on Saturday, the skies were clear for a safe flight. Well if this was the case then the radars would have picked the plane’s position, but according to a Vietnamese government website it went off the radar south of Vietnam. This reason again cannot hold true for the Malaysian Airlines flight as no debris or parts of the plane have been found so far. That leaves only one plausible explanation—a case of hijacking.  Not the traditional case, of course, where the abductors make some demand, but a 9/11 kind of hijacking is definitely possible knowing that two passengers in the flight were using stolen passports. Whatever be the case, this incident is one of the most astonishing cases of a flight’s disappearance.  I just hope that the aeronautical experts come up with a reasonable explanation, not to put an end to the news, but for the sake of the families of the 239 passengers. Should the Malaysian airport authorities be blamed for allowing people with stolen passports to board the flight? Write your opinions in the comment box below. 