If our families were on that flight, we would hope others would do the same. The Pentagon is stepping up its assistance in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which disappeared March 8 during a flight from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to Beijing. The USS Kidd has joined the USS Pinckney in the Gulf of Thailand to conduct search-and-rescue operations, according to Army Col.  Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman.  The Arleigh Burke-class destroyers are searching a large area, spanning waters from Malaysia to Vietnam. The Kidd is bringing rescue swimmer training, sensor capabilities and search and rescue mission expertise to the efforts. "The entire USS KIDD crew is dedicated to this operation," said Cmdr.  Gabe Varela, Kidd's commanding officer.  "If our families were on that flight, we would hope others would do the same.  It is just fortunate we were already operating in the South China Sea, allowing us to get on station in a timely manner. "The ships are using a "creeping-line" search method where they follow a pattern of equally spaced parallel lines in an effort to completely cover the area.  Yesterday, the Pinckney found a piece of debris using the method but it was later determined it was not from the missing aircraft. Air traffic controllers lost the flight's signal about two hours after the Boeing 777-200 airliner took off with 239 people aboard.  Four of the plane's passengers are Americans. Two MH-60R Seahawk helicopters are flying off the ships to aid the search, using forward-looking infrared pods to search at night.  The helicopters can search an area between 400 and 600 nautical miles in a 3. 5-hour sortie. A Navy P-3 Orion from Kadena Air Base, Japan, originally designed to find enemy submarines, is also being used in the search in the area west of Malaysia in the northern Straits of Malacca and Andaman Sea.  The Orion, which can search between 1,000 and 1,500 square miles per hour, is conducting long-range search, radar and communication capabilities.  Its sensors are capable of detecting small pieces of debris in the water, Pentagon officials said. In addition, the USNS John Ericsson, a fleet replenishment oiler, is providing logistics support.  The American ships are joined by vessels from Malaysia, China and Singapore in the search effort. 