ADDS THAT CAT IS A PART-HIMALAYAN CAT - This photo provided by Lee Palmer shows Lux, a 22-pound part-Himalayan cat that attacked a seven-month old baby.  Portland police had to be called in to subdue the 22-pound house cat that trapped its owners inside their bedroom after attacking their baby.  The baby was not injured in the Sunday, March 9, 2014, incident.  (AP Photo/Lee Palmer)ADDS THAT CAT IS A PART-HIMALAYAN CAT - This photo provided by Lee Palmer shows Lux, a 22-pound part-Himalayan cat that attacked a seven-month old baby.  Portland police had to be called in to subdue the 22-pound house cat that trapped its owners inside their bedroom after attacking their baby.  The baby was not injured in the Sunday, March 9, 2014, incident.  (AP Photo/Lee Palmer)ADDS THAT CAT IS A PART-HIMALAYAN CAT - This photo provided by Lee Palmer shows Lux, a 22-pound part-Himalayan cat that attacked a seven-month old baby.  Portland police had to be called in to subdue the 22-pound house cat that trapped its owners inside their bedroom after attacking their baby.  The baby was not injured in the Sunday, March 9, 2014, incident.  (AP Photo/Lee Palmer)EDITORS AND LIBRARIANS: PLEASE ELIMINATE FROM YOUR SYSTEMS AND ARCHIVES NY108 SLUGGED MALAYSIA PLANE AND TRANSMITTED ON MARCH 8, 2014.  THE SOURCE HAS WITHDRAWN PERMISSION TO USE THE PHOTO.  NO REPLACEMENT PHOTO WILL BE TRANSMITTED - This photo provided by Laurent Errera taken Dec.  26, 2011, shows the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200ER that disappeared from air traffic control screens Saturday, taking off from Roissy-Charles de Gaulle Airport in France.  The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200 carrying 239 people lost contact with air traffic control early Saturday morning, March 8, 2014 on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, and international aviation authorities still hadn't located the jetliner several hours later.  (AP Photo/Laurent Errera)This photo provided by Laurent Errera taken Dec.  26, 2011, shows the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200ER that disappeared from air traffic control screens Saturday, taking off from Roissy-Charles de Gaulle Airport in France.  The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200 carrying 239 people lost contact with air traffic control early Saturday morning, March 8, 2014 on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, and international aviation authorities still hadn't located the jetliner several hours later.  (AP Photo/Laurent Errera)This photo provided by Lee Palmer shows Lux, a 22-pound Himalayan cat that attacked a seven-month old baby.  Portland police had to be called in to subdue the 22-pound house cat that trapped its owners inside their bedroom after attacking their baby.  The baby was not injured in the Sunday, March 9, 2014, incident.  (AP Photo/Lee Palmer)PORTLAND, Ore.  — The Oregon owners of a 22-pound housecat that trapped them in their bedroom after attacking their baby say they’re not giving up on their pet and are getting it medical attention and therapy. Two days after police arrived to subdue the 4-year-old part-Himalayan cat, owner Lee Palmer of Portland said he’s taking the feline to a veterinarian.  A pet psychologist also is due at the house to see the cat, named Lux. “We’re not getting rid of him right now,” Palmer said.  “He’s been part of our family for a long time. ”Palmer says the animal attacked his 7-month-old child after the baby pulled its tail.  The child suffered a few scratches on the forehead. On the 911 call, Palmer tells the dispatcher he kicked the cat “in the rear” to protect his child.  Palmer says the animal then “just went off over the edge” — leading Palmer and his girlfriend to barricade themselves, their baby and the family dog in the bedroom for safety. The cat can be heard screeching in the background of the call as Palmer says in a panicked voice: “He’s charging us.  He’s at our bedroom door. ” Palmer also tells the dispatcher the cat has been violent in the past. Officers used a dog snare to capture the animal, and placed it in a crate. The cat attack story gained national attention after police put out a news release about it Monday.  Palmer says the family has had proposals from people wanting to adopt Lux, but the family is not taking them up on it. 