The family of missing Queensland couple Rod and Mary Burrows say they are bracing “for the worst” as they await updates on the Malaysia Airlines MH370 disappearance. The Burrows were on the flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with friends Bob and Cathy Lawton, who are also from Queensland. The other Australians on board were Sydney couple Yuan Li, 32, and Naijun Gu, 31. On Tuesday afternoon, the Burrows family said it was still coming to grips with the situation and was “anxiously awaiting any news or updates”. “We'd like to thank everyone for their thoughts and prayers and ask that they continue,” the family said in a statement. “The enrichment and strength that Rod and Mary have given us, helps us to get through each moment during this very difficult time.  It is comforting to know that Rod and Mary are together, wherever they are. “Our family will remain together to provide strength and support to each other as we maintain hope, but brace each other for the worst. "Our family appreciate all the well wishes and prayers but we ask for privacy and request that our wish for family solitude be respected during this extremely heart-wrenching time. "On Tuesday afternoon, search crews were no closer to determining the location of the ill-fated aircraft, which disappeared on Saturday over waters south of Vietnam. Numerous theories have been put forward as to what happened to the Boeing 777-200ER aircraft, which had 239 people on board. Authorities are yet to discover any wreckage and are investigating the passengers who boarded the plane, including two men who travelled on stolen passports. Malaysia Airlines released a statement at 1pm Australian Eastern Standard Time on Tuesday, saying it had not ruled out "any possibilities". The airline said the plane had been serviced 10 days before its final flight without incident, and the aircraft had completed 53,465 flying hours since 2002. "We regret and empathise with the families and we will do whatever we can to ensure all basic needs, comfort, psychological support are delivered.  We are as anxious as the families to know the status of their loved ones," Malaysia Airlines said. In the statement, the Burrows family said: "our prayers and thoughts include the families of the other passengers and crew on board the flight". Rod and Mary Burrows had recently sold their Middle Park house, in Brisbane's southwest, as they prepared to downsize their home. Bob and Cathy Lawton are from Springfield Lakes, also southwest of Brisbane. 