Investigators say two men who used stolen passports to board the Malaysian airliner that vanished last week were Iranian nationals. Interpol says the men aged 18 and 29 swapped their passports in Kuala Lumpur and used stolen Italian and Austrian passports to board Malaysia Airlines flight MH370. Malaysian officials say one of the men, 18-year-old Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad, was an illegal immigrant. "We believe he is not likely to be a member of any terror group and we believe he was trying to migrate to Germany," national police chief Khalid Abu Bakar told reporters. He said authorities had spoken to the Iranian's mother, who was expecting him in Frankfurt. The other Iranian has been identified as Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza. The head of Interpol, Ronald Noble, said he did not believe the disappearance of the plane was a terrorist incident. "The more information we get, the more we are inclined to conclude it is not a terrorist incident," he said. "If you read what the head of police of Malaysia said recently about the 18-year-old . . .  wanting to travel to Frankfurt in order to be with his mother, it is part of a human smuggling issue and not a part of a terrorist issue. "Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 disappeared early on Saturday with 239 people aboard, sparking an international search for the plane in waters off south-east Asia. Revelations that two passengers on board were travelling on EU passports that were stolen in Thailand had fuelled speculation of a terrorist attack. Malaysian authorities say they are looking at different scenarios, including hijacking, sabotage, and possible psychological problems among the passengers or crew. Mr Bakar said police were still considering all possibilities in terms of criminal involvement in the plane's disappearance, when asked whether police thought the revelation made them consider terrorism less likely in the case. "At this moment, I would not say less likely.  Same weightage (sic) to all until we finish our investigations," he said. Earlier, China deployed 10 satellites to help in the massive air-and-sea search for the Malaysia Airlines plane missing with 239 people on board. About two-thirds of the 227 passengers and 12 crew, now presumed to have died aboard the plane, were Chinese. China has urged Malaysia to speed up efforts to find the aircraft and if the loss is confirmed it will be China's second-worst air disaster. The high-resolution satellites, which are controlled from the Xian Satellite Control Centre in northern China, will be used for navigation, weather monitoring, communications and other aspects of the search-and-rescue. Also raising doubts about the possibility of an attack is that the United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a US government source said. The source described US satellite coverage of the region as thorough. Interpol says it is checking whether others on board the flight had been using false identity documents. Electronic evidence indicates the flight may have turned back towards the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur before disappearing. Even that information has not been clearly confirmed as the aircraft had failed to make automatic contact with a flight data-monitoring system after vanishing from radar screens, two people familiar with the matter said on Monday. Such contact could have helped investigators determine what happened. The aircraft was equipped with a maintenance computer capable of talking to the ground automatically through short messages known as ACARS. "There were no signals from ACARS from the time the aircraft disappeared," a source involved in the investigations said. While authorities scour the area, families are still waiting anxiously for news of their loved ones. The family of missing Australians Rod and Mary Burrows released a statement saying they are "waiting and hoping for the best". The search area now has a radius of 100 nautical miles from the point where the plane was last detected. It now takes in a larger portion of the Gulf of Thailand between Malaysia and Vietnam and land along the Malay Peninsula. "We'd like to thank everyone for their thoughts and prayers and ask that they continue," the family said. "Our family is still trying to come to terms with this terrible tragedy and anxiously awaiting any news or updates regarding the disappearance of flight MH370. "The enrichment and strength that Rod and Mary have given us helps us to get through each moment during this very difficult time.  It is comforting to know that Rod and Mary are together, wherever they are. "The family say they have gathered together and while they try to maintain hope, they are bracing each other "for the worst". "We are grateful to all the organisations and countries providing the extensive search and rescue operations and our prayers and thoughts include the families of the other passengers and crew on board the flight," the statement said. A total of six Australians were on the flight, with Springfield Lakes couple Robert and Catherine Lawton and Sydney couple Gu Naijun and Li Yuan also missing. 