The Social Security Organisation should simplify education loan application process to assist invalid pensioners, laments disappointed applicant. PETALING JAYA: The Social Security Organisation (Socso) education loan scheme has been criticised for its excessive bureaucratic system resulting in almost no takers for the loan. Socso invalid pensioner Muhammad Muthaiah Abdullah told FMT today that he has still not received an education loan for his son despite having submitted the application six months ago. The 59-year-old who became a Socso Invalid Pensioner in August 2013 had decided to apply for the loan as there is a provision for the loan to be converted to a scholarship. “I have cancer and I do not know when I’m going to kick the bucket. “My son being an above average student should be motivated to achieve good results to qualify for a scholarship,” he said. Muhammad’s son is an Electrical Technology student at the University Malaysia Perlis (UNIMEP). “I approached the Socso headquarters at Jalan Ampang sometime in the middle of September 2013 and until now we have not received the loan. ”Muhammad claims that he even approached the Socso’s chief executive officer K Selvarajah a month ago. “He acknowledged my grievance and promised to look into the undue delay in processing the loan application,” said Muhammad who was himself a Socso appellate board member. After his initial approach to Socso in September, he was given a few sets of application forms which he submitted in October and was informed that a letter was being processed. “In early December 2013, I followed-up with the clerk and was advised that they have written a letter to us indicating that our application will be vetted by a special committee. “The shocking news was that the committee will meet only in February 2014 and I was told to wait for another two to three months,” he said. In February, he was told that his application was approved and was asked to attend a briefing. He was provided with four sets of documents called ‘agreement forms’ which were required to be fulfilled. “The documents had so many conditions such as guarantors, witnesses and information from the university. ”It was at this juncture that he decided to approach Selvarajah on the matter. “I poured out my frustrations and pleaded with him not to put invalid pensioners through such difficulties and to cut the processing and approval time. “He sympathised with me and told me it was a Board decision but promised to look into the matter. ”After presenting all the necessary forms on March 6, his application was rejected as one of the guarantors did not fulfill the requirement stipulated. The guideline stipulated that the guarantor must have worked in the same company for at least two years. The guarantor in this case was his eldest son, who had been working in his present company for only over a year. “They said he had jumped jobs so many times.  However, he’s young.  It’s normal to jump jobs for someone his age,” Muhammad told FMT explaining that his 31-year-old son had worked for four employers over the last 12 years. He was told to further wait for a decision from the committee scheduled to meet in April this year. “I was informed by the manager that the CEO or his deputy has decided to send my appeal to the committee.  This would mean the whole process would take about eight months to come to a decision. ”Lamenting on the difficulties faced by invalid pensioners who are mostly wheelchair-bound and bedridden, Muhammad stressed that the time taken to complete the process can be very stressful. “Everything clearly shows the whole scheme is a scam.  The administrators being Socso employees should be more humane and compassionate. ”“If the response to this scheme is not good, then the whole department should have been closed and the staff deployed elsewhere. ”Muhammad stressed that “the 3,000 square foot posh office can be used for other purposes”. “A visit to this department will show they do not have many clients in a day.  My visits there at least on four occasions clearly shows they do not have much work to do,” he said. Socso to look at matterWhen contacted by FMT, Selvarajah said it was important for guarantors to be acceptable as non-payment of loans was a problem. “We have difficulties in getting back payments after dispersing loans in the event a student defaults,” he said. He however gave his assurance that the matter will be looked into. 