HONG KONG (AP) — Both victims in a double murder case that has shocked Hong Kong were Indonesian women, and one of the victims was frequenting a red light district on a lapsed domestic worker visa, an Indonesian consulate official said Tuesday.  Consulate spokesman Sam Aryadi confirmed one of the women found dead in an upscale apartment over the weekend was 29-year-old Seneng Mujiasih, who had come as a domestic worker from the city of Muna on Sulawesi island. BANGKOK (AP) — One of the founders of popular file-sharing website The Pirate Bay has been arrested under an Interpol warrant as he was crossing into Thailand from Laos, police said Tuesday.  Hans Fredrik Lennart Neij, who uses the alias TiAMO, was detained Monday by Thai immigration police at a checkpoint in Thailand's Nong Khai province, about 500 kilometers (310 miles) northeast of Bangkok. BANGKOK (AP) — Thailand's military-installed government has appointed a committee to draft the country's new constitution amid speculation that it will seek to bar former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and his allies from politics.  The 36-member panel consists of law experts, academics, former senators and others with close ties to the military and traditional conservative establishment.  The appointment on Tuesday came more than five months after the military, led by Gen.  Prayuth Chan-ocha, toppled an elected government headed by Thaksin's allies. BANGKOK (AP) — A Thai court sentenced a university student to 2 1/2 years in prison on Tuesday for posting a message on Facebook that the court said insulted the country's king.  A Criminal Court judge found 24-year-old Akkaradet Eiamsuwan guilty of violating Thailand's lese majeste law, which punishes people who defame, insult or threaten the monarchy. NEW DELHI (AP) — India on Tuesday ordered that Delhi's legislative assembly be dissolved for a new election after the three main political parties failed to form a government this year for a city of nearly 25 million people.  Delhi has been run by the federal government since the city's top elected official resigned in February. WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand last month was one of five nations to win elections for coveted seats on the U. N.  Security Council.  It will serve a two-year term as a non-veto-wielding member beginning in January.  Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully says it's an opportunity to boost the South Pacific island nation's profile and contribute to solving international problems such as the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and long-divided Cyprus.  The Associated Press recently interviewed McCully about what the win means.  The interview has been edited for clarity and length.  ___MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — A big victory by German stallion Protectionist in the Melbourne Cup on Tuesday was overshadowed by the deaths of two horses after Australia's richest horse race, including the favorite Admire Rakti.  Red Cadeaux strode to the lead in the last straight of the 2-mile (3,200-meter) classic but was overhauled on the inside by five-year-old Protectionist, which went on to win by four lengths in only its 10th race. BANGKOK (AP) — Revelers in northern Thailand have been asked not to launch lanterns into the sky near airports to avoid airborne accidents during a popular festival this week, airport officials said Tuesday.  The air traffic control center in Chiang Mai province has declared a 5-kilometer (3-mile) zone around the airport where people are advised not to launch lanterns from Wednesday to Friday, when Loy Krathong festival celebrations will take place, said Kiattisak Rienvatana, the center's director. In this photo taken on a smartphone camera by Leesa Willmott, a fallstreak hole forms in the sky over Wonthaggi, Australia.  The bizarre sight seen Monday in the town near Melbourne looked like a hole in the sky, or perhaps an alien spacecraft.  Bureau of Meteorology forecaster Adam Conroy said fallstreak holes are circular gaps that appear in high clouds when a section of the cloud freezes.  The ice crystals are heavy, so they fall out of the cloud, leaving a hole.  It is a relatively rare phenomenon. CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — A day after saying a billboard advertisement highlighting climate change was too political for world leaders gathering in the Australian city of Brisbane for a major economic summit, local airport authorities said Tuesday that they had also rejected an ad highlighting corruption problems.  Brisbane Airport Corp.  confirmed Monday that a World Wildlife Fund ad asking leaders of wealthy and developing countries to put climate change on the agenda of their G20 summit next week had been banned because it had "political intent. "BEIJING (AP) — Chinese engineers have successfully tested a laser weapon that can shoot down low-flying, slow-moving drones, state media reported Tuesday.  The Low Altitude Sentinel system can detect a small aircraft within a 2-kilometer (1. 2-mile) radius and shoot it down within five seconds, the English-language newspaper China Daily said, citing a statement from the China Academy of Engineering Physics. CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — The shooting of a Shiite religious leader outside a Sydney prayer hall appeared to have been influenced by the Islamic State movement, Australia's prime minister said Tuesday.  Rasoul Al Mousawi, 47, was blasted with a shotgun in the face and shoulder in a drive-by shooting outside the Husainiyah Nabi Akram Center in suburban Greenacre early Monday. WASHINGTON (AP) — A cyberattack similar to previous hacker intrusions from China penetrated computer networks for months at USIS, the government's leading security clearance contractor, before the company noticed, officials and others familiar with an FBI investigation and related official inquiries told The Associated Press.  The breach, first revealed by the company and government agencies in August, compromised the private records of at least 25,000 employees at the Homeland Security Department and cost the company hundreds of millions of dollars in lost government contracts. WAGAH, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistanis mourned on Monday for the victims of a massive suicide bombing near the border with India as the death toll from the explosion the previous day rose to 60, police said.  The attack, for which a Taliban splinter faction claimed responsibility, was the deadliest to hit the country in over a year.  In September 2013, a suicide bombing killed at least 85 people in a church in Peshawar province. KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (AP) — Attacks across Afghanistan, including the fatal shooting of a provincial deputy governor, killed five people as the country marked a major Shiite holiday, authorities said Monday.  In southern Kandahar province, a gunman attacked Deputy Gov.  Abdul Qadeem Patyall, shooting at him Sunday through the window of a classroom at Kandahar University, said Samim Khpolwak, a spokesman for the provincial governor.  Patyall, who was studying to become a teacher, was seriously wounded and later died, Khpolwak said. 