AMID the busy campaigning period, Datin Paduka Chew Mei Fun’s parents visited their third daughter to see how she was holding up. Chew, who is Barisan Nasional’s candidate in the Kajang by-election, was greeted by her 79-year-old father Chew Wai Sien and mother Cheang Ah Looy, 76, at the MCA by-election operations rooms recently. Chew’s second sister, Mee Am also dropped by to wish her well. Wai Sien and his wife, who sell mixed rice and chicken rice for a living, lovingly recalled that Chew would help them with the cooking. “She became very skilled at cooking and chopping chicken. “When she was a child, she was quite naughty and active.  Just like a boy,” said Cheang with a laugh. She described Chew, who is MCA vice-president, as very courageous. Cheang said Chew, 50, along with her three other siblings were raised to be very independent. “Our life as hawkers was quite challenging as we had to wake up at about 5am to set up our stall. “Then we would work long hours until night,” said Cheang, who operated a stall in Petaling Jaya. Chew is running against PKR president Datuk Seri Dr Wan Azizah Wan Ismail for the Kajang state seat after it fell vacant following PKR assemblyman Lee Chin Cheh’s resignation. At the MCA operations room, about 26 people collected their free medical reports from the health screenings provided by the 1MCA Medical Foundation, 1Malaysia Community Alliance Foundation and BP Healthcare Group. Chew said some of the doctors who conducted the free health screenings were from MCA, including Perak MCA chairman Datuk Dr Mah Hang Soon. “This service began in 2010 and we conduct it regularly nationwide,” she said. 1Malaysia Community Alliance Foundation acting project manager Xilas Ngang Wei Xiang said a total of 107,017 people had benefitted from this service so far. “We want to ensure that the people are healthy, by conducting regular checks for cholesterol, glucose and uric acid levels. “With the current move to increase private medical fees, we will continue to serve the people by providing such a service to them.  We invite all doctors to support us,” he said. M.  Mathavan, 41, an employee in the construction sector, lauded the service and hoped that there would be more free clinics for the people. Retired factory worker, Yap Shi Chin, 72, said this was her first time getting a medical screening. “I hope they will be able to provide this service every year for the benefit of senior citizens,” she said. 