Bemoaning some new human folly, a former editor of mine, John Junor, used to say: ‘Doesn’t it make you want to climb back into bed, pull the duvet over your head and turn your face to the wall?’I felt this after the fuss about the Queen privately telling a University of London academic that poor people ‘need all the assistance they can be given’. HM’s harmless sounding remark — to Professor David Simon, whose speciality is Africa’s poor — was seized on by Graham Smith of the anti-monarchy pressure group Republic. He said: ‘It’s a criticism of government policy, and the rights and wrongs of government policy aren’t what she’s supposed to speak on. ’He’s wrong, but I do have a humble suggestion for HM: might she  discourage her wealthy, extended family from behaving as if they are poverty-stricken?For example, the multi-millionaire Prince of Wales accepts hospitality on a huge scale from foreigners anxious to secure connections with him and the Royal Family. He receives gifts, holidays and parties from wealthy, social-climbing types, even when he doesn’t know where their money comes from. Last year, he accepted a £500,000 donation towards his 65th birthday party from a wealthy Indian businesswoman who, with her husband, was placed beside Charles and Camilla for the dinner. Now, creditors of the Indian couple allege millions are ‘missing’ from an investment fund controlled by these fans of Prince Charles. Receiving gifts in one form or another is an ancient rite of royalty which — happily for Charles — has survived our transition from an absolute to constitutional monarchy. Democratically elected politicians have to register gifts over a certain, modest value, but this rule doesn’t seem to apply to relatives of our head of state.  A Charles aide was once tasked with ‘fencing’ unwanted gifts to antique dealers. We CAN’T expect the Prince’s staff to investigate every detail of the financial background of those anxious to be recognised as his friends.  That would be neither seemly nor practical. But is it really acceptable for Charles — or any member of the Royal Family — to place themselves under this kind of obligation to wealthy admirers?Surely the precious thing they are trading — their royal status — isn’t a personal possession, but belongs to the state.  And what about the huge sums spent by the taxpayer to maintain and refurbish royal residences?Charles’s heir, Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge — a multi- millionaire in his own right, thanks  to the estate of his late mother, Diana — is reported to have ordered renovations to his Kensington Palace apartments that will cost the taxpayer £1 million this year on top of £1 million of work already carried out. Yes, funding the homes of the Royal Family is a state obligation, but why does there seem to be an iron rule against the royals spending their own money? No doubt more can, and should, be done for the poor but, at the same time, shouldn’t less be done by the state to cushion the rich and the royal?Members of the Royal Family do support many charities that help the poor here and abroad.   But surely their latest financial settlement, fixed by the Government — guaranteeing them a huge annual income from Crown Estates owned by the state — should encourage more self-reliance. The EU is set to decide today what to do about Crimea. Did Russia’s Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, have a point when he said last week: ‘The Crimea means immeasurably more to Russia than the Falklands does to Britain. ’We might also ask ourselves if there’s a great difference between Russia wanting Crimea to relinquish its sovereignty and the EU demanding the same of its vassal states. The death of Left-wing former Labour minister Tony Benn (shortly after Communist rail union leader Bob Crow) occasioned a flood of crocodile tears. I was more interested in his friendship with TV newscaster Natasha Kaplinsky, pictured, whom he met in 2003 when she interviewed him for the BBC Breakfast show. He confided to his diary that he found her ‘very professional and exceptionally beautiful’.  Later, she arrived at his house with a box of chocolates, ‘which was really sweet of her’. When a gossip columnist mentioned that the pair were enjoying a ‘platonic’ relationship, Benn, then 77, told Natasha, then 31: ‘I have written a very angry letter to the editor saying how outrageous that he should suggest it was a platonic friendship!’Was the old goat casting a fly?First, a search for wreckage in the sea.  Next, the possibility that Malaysian Airlines Flight MH 370 flew on for an additional six hours after  it ceased to be in contact with air traffic controllers. Then, the theory that the Boeing 777 has been hijacked, its Aircraft and Communications Addressing and Reporting System disabled deliberately. Subsequently, a search of 53-year-old Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah’s Kuala Lumpur home and an examination of the elaborate flight simulator set-up he has there.  With 18,000 hours of flying experience — and who knows how long on his simulator — Captain Shah is capable of devising any route and destination that he chooses. But what is to be gained by taking his crew and 239 strangers to some remote place?And if he intended a replica of 9/11, why not crash the plane in Kuala Lumpur?The post-9/11 tightening of security, including locked cockpit doors to keep out hijackers, doesn’t protect us from rogue pilots.  But it protects them from interfering passengers. Does Cressida Bonas really, really want to marry Prince Harry or would she prefer to take her time? Surely that is the question being asked by hardly anyone. My curiosity about Cressida, pictured, is limited — is she related to Oliver Bonas, a shop selling fancy items of furniture from which I bought a bedside table last week?That’s about it.  As for Harry, 29, I kind of hope we’re in for a long haul, with thrills and spills  a-plenty.  I do not sense that he yearns for what the actress Mrs Patrick Campbell called ‘the deep, deep peace of the double bed after the hurly-burly of the chaise longue’. John Campbell’s new biography of former Labour Cabinet minister Roy Jenkins discusses the latter’s passionate, pre-war affair at Oxford with Anthony Crosland, who became Education Secretary. Both went on to marry conventionally, and Jenkins acquired a reputation as something of a womaniser. It’s said the topmost ranks of the Army at that time contained so many part-time homosexuals that new recruits found themselves treated like debutantes.  Yet homosexuality was illegal then, punishable by prison sentences. Of course, sexuality was considered private in those days.  Many contemporaries must have remembered the Jenkins-Crosland romance when they became Cabinet ministers, but I don’t recall anyone speaking or writing about it at the time. Now, homosexuality is legal, but rarely considered private.  One door opens and another closes. Education Secretary Michael Gove says of the four Old Etonians who advise David Cameron: ‘It doesn’t make me feel personally uncomfortable, because I like each of the individuals concerned, but I don’t know where you can find a similar situation in any other developed economy. ’It’s a dig at Cameron, as well as fellow Old Etonian and prime ministerial wannabe Boris Johnson. Gove liking the OEs is  neither here nor there.  He’s merely trying to avoid being seen as ‘chippy’. Cameron’s reliance on Old Etonians will be taken into account when the time comes.  Does Gove think it would help matters if Dave responded by ditching his OEs now? Of course not.  So why mention it?Praising the Budget he’ll deliver on Wednesday, George Osborne says Labour promises only economic ruin. ‘The question is simple,’ he explains.  ‘Why would you give the keys back to the people who crashed the car?On March 1, a motorist unexpectedly turned into my path, where I had right of way, resulting in the near-demolition of both of our cars. After a week, I got through to my insurer, Aviva, to ask whether the motor was to be repaired or written off. A claims official said my car was meant to be recovered from the Oxfordshire garage to which it had been taken and delivered to a repairer in London. So? The police had not ‘released’ it to the RAC, which was responsible for taking it there, he said.  I rang the policeman who had handled the case and this was news to him. I know, a boringly familiar tale.  Insurers that advertise themselves as user friendly often turn out to be remote and unreachable when you wish to remind them of their obligations. Osborne says: ‘If you’re anti-business in this world, then you’re anti-jobs and anti-prosperity. ’Or you feel you’re being shafted by them, perhaps. Harold Wilson said that the late Tony Benn 'immatured with age. ' At least that presumed Benn had once been mature. 