KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia has appealed for help and international coordination in a search for its missing passenger jet that stretches across two corridors from the Caspian Sea to the southern Indian Ocean, diplomats said on Sunday. The search is focusing on two wide strips of territory formed by satellite plots of the aircraft’s last known possible position. The northernmost of these stretches runs north through Thailand and China and bends towards Central Asia, over some of the world’s most strongly guarded defences. Malaysian officials briefed envoys from 22 countries on the progress of the investigation after calling off a search in the South China Sea for the jet that vanished from radar screens more than a week ago, with 239 people on board. Although countries have been coordinating individually, the broad formal request at a meeting of ambassadors marked a new diplomatic phase in a search operation thought increasingly likely to rely on the sharing of sensitive material such as military radar data. “The meeting was for us to know exactly what is happening and what sort of help they need.  It is more for them to tell us, ‘please put in all your resources’,” T. S.  Tirumurti, India’s high commissioner to Malaysia, said. The diplomatic initiative could become significant as nations ponder whether to share any military data on the Boeing 777’s fate, and fills a void left by the failure of Southeast Asian nations to work as a bloc on the crisis, a diplomat said. “There are clearly limits to military data,” the diplomat said, adding that nations were nonetheless aware of the strong public interest in cooperation on a civilian issue. Malaysian Defence Minister and Acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said Malaysia had itself fed the findings of its own military radar tracks into what is now a domestic criminal enquiry into suspected hijacking or sabotage. He declined to say whether Kuala Lumpur had asked others to open up their military radar tracks, but told a news conference that it had asked for both primary and secondary radar data. Experts say military forces mainly use primary or classic radar, which works by listening for its own echo bouncing back off a potentially unfriendly object. Civil air traffic control mostly uses secondary radar, which relies on hearing a signal sent back from the aircraft’s transponder along with data designed to identify the plane. It was the apparently deliberate decision to turn the jet’s transponder off that left Malaysian authorities relying on the blips picked up by primary military radar to form the theory that the aircraft – on a flight to Beijing – had turned back west before disappearing. Underscoring the caution surrounding the request for deeper cooperation, at least one country represented at Sunday’s ambassadorial meeting asked Malaysia to supply its request in writing, a diplomat present at the talks said. Defence analysts said on Saturday that the jet’s disappearance raised awkward questions about the strength of regional or even global air defences. Meanwhile, Pakistan’s top aviation official has dismissed Western media reports that the missing airliner might be hidden somewhere in the country. “It’s wrong, the plane never came towards Pakistan,” Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Aviation Shujaat Azeem said. He said the plane disappeared far away from Pakistani airspace and was not visible on its radars.  However, he said his division was on alert and following all the developments related to the incident. —Agencies