KUALA LUMPUR: A PKR top leader complained Sunday that there were those attempting to unfairly implicate its party leaders and the Pakatan Rakyat political partners in the mystery of the missing MH370. “Recent allegations in certain media that the pilots had a role in the disappearance of MH370 plane are totally speculative and it is irresponsible to make insinuation without verified information,” said PKR vice-president Tian Chua (pix). He was mainly referring to the Daily Mail’s report on Sunday which claimed that investigators were looking into the theory that the political views of Captain Zaharia Ahmad Shah may have been a factor in the case. Zaharia, a lifetime PKR member, had gone to court on March 7 for the trial and sentencing of PKR de facto leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim in the sodomy case, according to the report. The report also quotes police sources as saying they were probing into the probability that he would have been profoundly upset by the court ruling.  Zaharia, said the newspaper, was a “vocal political activist” as well as a “fervent Anwar supporter”. However, Tian Chua said that there was no evidence to suggest that Zaharia was there at the court, adding that it did not matter what his political leanings were. Tian stressed that it was unfair for anyone to blame Anwar over ‘everything’, including implicating for the Lahad Datu incident, Operasi Lalang and May 13. Tian Chua said that while the government leaders have not directly blamed Pakatan Rakyat for anything, he warned Barisan Nasional against doing so. “PKR urges the Malaysian government not to use this as a pretext or opportunity to implicate or to frame Pakatan Rakyat component parties or their leaders,” he said in a statement, Sunday. “It is already started, I’m not saying the leaders but we are seeing Umno-linked media go in that direction. “The Federal Government should be collaborating with international agencies and continue to step up its efforts in conducting a thorough and professional investigation into this incident," he said. Tian Chua said PKR and Pakatan was “committed to a peaceful and constitutional means of political struggle.  We have consistently denounced violence and any form of terrorism. ”On Saturday, police searched the veteran pilot's home in Shah Alam, where he keeps a home-made flight simulator.  Daily Mail said that investigators have already examined two of Zaharie’s laptops. 