The painful wait continues for family members. . .  but there still isn’t a shred of information on where the plane might be.  Who was at the controls? Where were they heading? For more, my colleague Jin Yingqiao joins me in the studio. Q1.  This incident has unraveled over the past week, with each day search efforts growing larger, and each day a new twist to the mystery of the plane’s location.  Tell us where the focus of the search and rescue operations will be now?A1.  There are still more questions than answers.  And now there are two sources for analysis.  The first is a military radar, the other is the so called "pings" sent by the plane and captured by satellites.  Malaysia’s Prime Minister said satellite data suggests flight 370 may be in one of two corridors: a northern corridor stretching from northern Thailand to the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan. . .  or a southern corridor stretching from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean.  Earlier, the New York Times reported that officials familiar with the investigation said a military radar picked up flight 370 soon after it disappeared from civilian radar one hour after taking off.  The radar showed it climbed to over 13 thousand meters, and turned sharply west, flying above the altitude limit for a Boeing 777 plane.  Then it descended to 7,000 meters, which is below normal cruising levels, and then it climbed again.  Malaysian officials confirmed, the last communication by the plane was made at 8:11 AM last Saturday, seven hours later than originally thought, and this vastly expands the possibilities of where the plane ended up. Q2.  But investigators have increasingly focused on the possibility that it was flown off-course by one of the pilots or someone else.  Tell us more about the crew members on the plane. A2.  Some experts have said that pilot suicide may be the most likely explanation for the plane’s disappearance, as this is what was suspected in a SilkAir crash during a flight from Singapore to Jakarta in 1997.  Now police say they are looking at the psychological background of the pilots, their family lives and connections, but there is no evidence linking them to any wrongdoing.  The 53 year old captain, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, has flown safely for over 30 years.  Media reports said he loves flying.  He even has a flight simulator at home.  His co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid, who is 27 years old, joined Malaysia Airlines in 2007.  In a show with CNN, he was praised for his landing techniques for being quote "textbook perfect. " Australian media have reported that Hamid had once invited passengers to the cockpit while flying, and even smoked inside.  But that report hasn’ t been confirmed by Malaysia. 