KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) — A missing Malaysian airliner appears to have been deliberately steered off course after someone on board shut down its communications, Prime Minister Najib Razak said on Saturday. A week after the disappearance of flight MH370, Najib said its last transmission of satellite data came nearly seven hours after it disappeared from radar screens. But the new satellite data gave no precise location, and the plane’s altered course could have taken it anywhere from central Asia to the southern Indian Ocean, he said. Minutes after the Malaysian leader outlined investigators’ latest findings, police began searching the house of the aircraft’s 53-year-old captain for any evidence that he could have been involved in foul play. The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200ER vanished en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in the early hours of March 8 with 239 passengers and crew aboard. Najib, giving his first statement at a news conference since then, confirmed reports that investigators believe somebody cut off the plane’s communications reporting system, switched off its transponder and steered it west, far from its scheduled route. “In view of this latest development the Malaysian authorities have refocused their investigation into the crew and passengers on board,” he said. “Despite media reports the plane was hijacked, I wish to be very clear, we are still investigating all possibilities as to what caused MH370 to deviate. ”Search operations by navies and aircraft from more than a dozen nations were immediately called off in the Gulf of Thailand and the South China Sea to the east of Malaysia, where the plane dropped off civilian air traffic control screens at 1:22 a. m.  last Saturday (1722 GMT on Friday). Malaysia said new data showed the last communication between the missing plane and satellites at 8:11 a. m.  (0011 GMT), almost seven hours after it turned back and crossed the Malay peninsula. The data did not show whether the plane was still flying or its location at that time, presenting searchers with a daunting array of possible last locations.  Seven hours’ more flying time would likely have taken it to the limit of its fuel load. Najib said the plane’s final communication with satellites placed it somewhere in one of two corridors: a northern arc stretching from northern Thailand to the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan, or a southern one stretching from Indonesia to the vast southern Indian Ocean. “Clearly, the search for MH370 has entered a new phase,” said Najib, whose government has come under criticism for its slow release of information surrounding one of the most baffling mysteries in aviation history. India stepped up its search in two areas at the request of Malaysia — one around the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and another further west across the Bay of Bengal — but found no evidence that would indicate that the plane had come down in its waters, the Defence Ministry said. A senior military official in Port Blair, capital of the archipelago, said Indian aircraft had combed waters stretching up to 300 nautical miles offshore and overflown all 572 islands in the chain but “we don’t have anything so far. ”India’s Eastern Naval Command was investigating a separate rectangular “box” 15 km wide by 600 km long, some 900 km east of Port Blair, but had found nothing. About two-thirds of the passengers on board the flight were Chinese, and Beijing has been showing increasing impatience with the speed and coordination of the Malaysian search effort. On Saturday, China said it had demanded that Malaysia keep providing more thorough and accurate information, and added that it was sending a technical team to Malaysia to help with the investigation. 