Security agencies have reportedly cleared the vast majority of passengers on the flight, as police turned their attention on the captain, co-pilot and crew members in a series of searches and interviews with their relatives. The captain has apparently taken centre stage of the investigation in Malaysia for his support of Malaysia’s pro-democracy opposition party.  There were also unconfirmed reports on Sunday that Captain Zaharie Shah’s wife and three children moved out of the family home the day before flight MH370 went missing. Malaysia last week asked states whose nationals were passengers on the flight to investigate their backgrounds for anything suspicious, but four intelligence agencies had already said they had found “no negative records”. A Malaysian newspaper, the Malay Mail, later reported that those countries included China and India, whose nationals account for the vast majority of passengers on board. New evidence confirming that the plane had been deliberately diverted had refocused the inquiry on the pilots, crew and ground staff, including engineers in contact with the plane before it took off.  Malaysia’s Inspector General of Police stressed, however, that all 239 people on board the aircraft were under investigation. He revealed officers searched the home of Captain Zaharie Shah and his co-pilot Fariq Ab Hamid. A flight Boeing 777 simulator Capt Zaharie built himself to practice on in his spare time was taken away by police and is being analysed for any clues that could suggest he was practising to deliberately divert the plane. Detectives reassembled the simulator in their incident room yesterday, Inspector General Khalid Abu Bakar confirmed. There were several reports yesterday that Capt.  Zaharie had been an “obsessive”, “fanatical” member of the pro-democracy People’s Justice Party. Capt Zaharie was apparently “incensed” after recently attending the trial and conviction of its leader Anwar Ibrahim and hijacked his own plane as part of a “political protest”. However, these claims were rejected by a Malaysian opposition leader, Sivarasa Rasiah, who said it was “unthinkable” that he could have been involved in terrorism. Mr Rasiah said Capt Zaharie had joined the party last year and campaigned as a volunteer during last year’s general election. “He comes across as a really likeable guy, a warm guy.  There is absolutely no way he is doing this of his own volition. “He was a totally committed pilot, he was keen on cooking, a sociable, easy going bloke,” he told The Telegraph. The detectives’ initial focus on the two pilots had not found any evidence that they had sought to work together on flight MH370, which appeared to eliminate the possibility of collusion between them. 