It has been revealed that the wife and three children of MH370's captain moved out of the family home the day before the plane went missing. A maid at Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah's house in upmarket Kuala Lumpur suburb said that his wife and three children were staying at their second home when the plane disappeared. Their home in Malaysia's capital is just 15 miles from the airport. Mr Shah is a keen chef, prankster, oddball inventor and so passionate about flying that when he wasn't in the cockpit of a real Boeing 777, he was flying a toy one or other remote control aircraft in his home collection. And Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, the pilot of MH370 now under close investigation as the possible hijacker of the missing aircraft, made a strange online post soon after building his 'awesome' flight simulator, which is now in the custody of Malaysian authorities.  As the Malaysian government seem set on accusing Captain Zaharie, of being a political fanatic who flew the Boeing 777 off course, friends and family insist he was a 'good hearted' man who loved nothing better than cooking up dishes from his native Penang. Pictures have emerged of Zaharie posted on various social media sites and blogs cooking up a traditional rice vermicelli soup dish called bihun, a tofu sambal and a fish curry. The captain's pictures also include the toy craft he reportedly loved to fly: a remote controlled version of the Bell 222, a lighweight twin-engined helicopter, and a toy Cataline PBY plane, an amphibious aircraft with the word 'RESCUE' painted on top of the aircraft. The father of three, whose 27-year-old daughter Aishah lives in Melbourne and is believed to be an architecture graduate of both Victoria's Deakin University and the International Islamic University of Malaysia, was also passionate about his home built simulator. Seized by Malaysian investigators in the wake of the Flight MH370's disappearance, the simulator was constructed by Zaharie from video game software including the ASUS Direct CUII and Rampage IV Extreme motherboard. Police are investigating the significance of the pilot's association with Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim, who was jailed immediately prior to the departure of MH 370.  Zaharie had joined an online flight simulator community called X-Sim and after making his simulator, in November 2012 he posted a message about its 'awesome view' inviting 'buddies' to get in touch so they could take the simulator 'to the next level of simulation.  Motion!''Elo guys, zaharie here,' says the post. 'Awesome view on 3 panasonic 32 in.  LCD HDMI and and 3 touchscreen Dell 21 inches for main (MCP) , center pedestal, overhead panel. 'Time to take to the next level of simulation. Motion! looking for buddies to share this passion. Besides aviation, Zaharie also has a YouTube channel he used to upload video guides he made about his oddball inventions and home repairs, including a method of saving electricity by tuning the air conditioner, fixing the icemaker in his refrigerator and fixing a leaking window in his son's house. A blog post supporting Zaharie said 'he truly has a good heart' and was 'an avid chef' who shared 'different dishes for those around him just like a true Malaysian and Penangite'. The blog talks about the fact Zaharie, who most recently was living in a luxury gated community in Shah Alam, outside the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, originally came from the northern state of Penang, whose residents are colloquailly called 'Penangites'. Family posts on Twitter and Instagram by Captain Zaharie's nices and nephews, begged for their uncle to 'come home, we need you'. Twitter user @HanifahTj posted: 'Uncle @ZAHARIES once told me 'anything you do,don't give up' and that's when I don't give up on him'. Members of Australia's Malaysian community posted suportive messages, including ‏@MuslihahMazlan who tweeted: 'Stay strong Aishah Zaharie n family.  Pliz pray for MH370.   Especially to my friend Aishah who's dad was the captain of the flight'. Zaharie, a Muslim, was a subscriber to atheist Richard Dawkins's Foundation for Reason and Science site and English comedian Eddie Izzard's site. He also like the YouTube videos of a Russian prankster, who showed how to play party tricks like giving someone an electric shock and placing a plastic cockroach in a roll of toilet paper. Flight simulator expert, Ian Pero, managing director of Flight Experience, Sydney, told the MailOnline Zaharie was what was called a 'home simmer', one of the ten per cent or more of pilots who had flight simulators in their home. He said Mr Zaharie's reference to 'Motion!' in his blog post was the dream of all 'home simmers', to have a flight simulator that moved than was a fixed base device. But it probably never would have happened, because the costs of full motion simulators are enormous, up to $30 million,' Mr Pero said. 'We have sold simulators to sheikhs and even they only get fixed base simulators. '