According to the British tabloid, those close to Zaharie described him as a social activist with an affinity towards the PKR de facto leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim.  — Picture by Choo Choy May KUALA LUMPUR, March 16 — Authorities are studying the political leanings of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah after it was revealed he was a “strident” supporter of Opposition Leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim, the Daily Mail (DM) reported today. According to the British tabloid, those close to Zaharie described him as a social activist with an affinity towards the PKR de facto leader. “Colleagues made it clear to us that he was someone who held strong political beliefs and was strident in his support for Anwar Ibrahim,” the DM cited an anonymous  source as saying. “We were told by one colleague he was obsessed with politics. ”According to the unidentified investigators, Zaharie’s colleague said he told them of plans to attend the sodomy trial of the opposition leader on Friday, March 7. It is not known if he was in Putrajaya for Anwar’s hearing that day. Yesterday, the police searched the homes of Zaharie and co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid in Shah Alam shortly after Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak told a news conference that MH370 was diverted deliberately, after someone on board switched off the Boeing 777’s communications systems. Najib said yesterday investigation on the disappearance of MH370 will now refocus of the passengers and crew onboard. In its report today, the Daily Mail said Malaysian police, helped by Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agents from the United States, are looking into the political and religious backgrounds of both Zaharie and his co-pilot. But it is unclear how the British newspaper determined the involvement of the FBI, which has not sent any agent to Malaysia and has complained that it was not being brought into the probe on MH370 by local authorities. The Beijing-bound MH370 with 239 onboard went missing on March 8 through what investigators now believe to be “deliberate action”. Anwar was found guilty of sodomy and sentenced to five years’ jail on March 7, after the Court of Appeal reversed his previous acquittal of the charge. Anwar is out on bail and received a stay of execution pending his appeal at the Federal Court. 