Samarinda, E Kalimantan (ANTARA News) - A Malaysian citizen has been arrested for smuggling one kilogram of crystal methamphetamine into East Kalimantan Province, A National Narcotics Agency (BNN) officer said here Sunday.  The Malaysian, only identified by initial Sf alias Ar, was nabbed along with two Indonesians at two separate locations on March 14," Head of BNN-East Kalimantan Provincial Office Senior Commissioner, Agus Gatot Purwanto said.  The Malaysian citizen was caught at Gadjah Mada street while the two Indonesian suspects, only identified by the initials Ya and IM, were nabbed at Gatot Subroto street, he said.  A friend of the two Indonesian suspects escaped the drug raid by bringing at least 300 kilograms of crystal meth.  They all might be members of an international drug ring, he said.  The BNN officers still hunted the escaped suspect, Agus said, adding that the escapee was likely a military personnel, Agus said.  The law enforcers also confiscated 14 drug packages with weight of 624. 2 grams of Shabu-Shabu, a digital scale, a bundle of shabu-shabu plastic bags, seven cellular phones, Indonesian banknotes worth Rp950,000, nine Malaysian banknotes, and a minivan.  The Malaysian drug smuggler had been monitored since he left Keke in Kota Kinabalu, with his wife (also Malaysian) for Sei Nyamuk in Sebatik Island, Nunukan District, North Kalimantan, by boat on March 10.   Arriving in Sei Nyamuk on March 11, Sf alias Ar continued his trip to Tarakan by a speedboat and met with two Indonesians.  They then rented a Toyota Innova minivan to drive to Samarinda city on March 12, he said.  The Malaysian suspect repeatedly changed his hotels until he found a potential buyer on Friday.  "When Sf alias Ar was transacting with the buyer, he was nabbed," he said.  Speaking to newsmen who met him at the BNN office on Sunday afternoon, Sf admitted that he was a drug dealer from Malaysia who had smuggled drugs into Indonesia four times.   "Selling drugs here will give higher profit.  A kilogram of crystal methamphetamine in Malaysia just costs 140,000 Ringgit or equals to a half billion but I can sell it with the price of Rp1. 2 billion," Sf said.  Reported by Amirullah (T. R013/b003/B003)