"[Y]ou laugh at it, but when this is all said and done, when whatever it is is known, climate change, global warming will no doubt be inserted as a factor, even if that means that it caused the plane to slip into the space-time continuum. ” – Rush Limbaugh, March 14, 2014It had to happen sooner or later.  Conservatives, led by Rush Limbaugh, have found a way to blame the missing Malaysian jetliner on the Obama administration's policies. Friday, the so-called “conservative” radio talk-show host aired his unique theory as to why Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 seemingly disappeared into the very thin air through which it was flying almost seven days ago. At this writing, of course, there still has been no sign of any wreckage from the missing plane.  What is known as actual fact, however, is that the flight lost contact with air traffic controllers approximately one hour after takeoff.  That last contact occurred midway between Kuala Lumpur and the southern coast of Vietnam. Satellite tracking data has also confirmed that even after an hour later, the plane was spotted hundreds of miles off course over the Strait of Malacca. During the course of this past week, all manner of media have proposed all manner of possible scenarios as to what may have happened to the plane.  Thus, with each passing day, and no definitive sign of the missing jet, we are treated to increasingly bizarre and unlikely theories. Up steps Rush Limbaugh to settle the whole matter for us.  The complete transcript of his remarks may be found here.  A short excerpt follows:I’ve got a theory.  Let me try this theory on you.  Of all the search teams, which do you think is the best, has the highest available tech? Well, you got a ChiCom search team; you got the Malaysian airline search team; you got a US search team.  Which team do you think probably — [interruption].  It is us.  If you want to find out where the plane is, my theory is look at where the US is searching. Limbaugh does not stop there, however.  He further suggests that a complete “electronic failure” of the plane occurred, and that the highly reported turnaround was done in an attempt to return to base – Kuala Lumpur.  In doing so, the plane was forced to fly over several “unfriendly” countries, one or more of which may have scrambled fighter jets to investigate, and ultimately which shot the big jet down. But! If that is not good enough, says Limbaugh, perhaps this nation-state's ongoing promotion of the “theory” of global warming was somehow involved in the plane's disappearance.  Limbaugh does not expand on this view, however.  That is, he does not break down precisely how global warming played a role in this incident. My own uninformed and purely speculative theory is that this plane did not crash into the ocean and certainly not into one of the thick Southeast Asian jungles. I believe this airliner was, in fact, hijacked and forced to fly to an unknown country where its passengers and crew are still being held as hostages. As for Limbaugh and his theory, his shoot-down assertion is almost as ridiculous as his global warming position. Again, I am actually surprised, though, that it took him almost an entire week to tie this plane's troubles to Obama administration policies. 