Malaysia concentrated search efforts for MH370 in the South China Sea for six days, even though it knew - within hours of the plane disappearing - that an unidentified aircraft had travelled west across its northern reaches. The then unidentified jet passed across three Malaysian radar installations but no one noticed the blips. F/A-18 and F-5 fighter jets were available on standby to investigate further, if an order had been given, The New York Times reports. While radar analysts missed the jet in real time, a re-examination of data soon after the plane was reported missing uncovered the radar ''pings'' on the morning of March 8. The revelation of the error, and the fact it took until Saturday for the South China Sea to be downgraded as the major search area, highlights an investigation that has been marked by misinformation and missteps from Malaysia's government. The delay in redirecting search and rescue efforts means that any debris in the sea from the aircraft could be hundreds of kilometres from where the plane was ditched. Malaysia's Prime Minister, Najib Razak, announced on Saturday that satellites, believed to be operated by the US, received data from an unidentified aircraft travelling west from Malaysia for almost eight hours after MH370 took off. The satellite information enabled investigators to plot two possible trajectories of the plane - one south across Indonesia and along the western Australian coast; and one north across Thailand and on to northern Iran. The divergent paths can be explained because the minimal data uploaded by the satellite can only be translated into two flight paths that are images across a 180-degree sweep. The satellite data also indicates the plane flew for almost eight hours, when it would have run out of fuel, or come very close to doing so. Mr Najib insisted on Saturday that information had not been deliberately concealed, saying it was only when the satellite data reinforced the Malaysian military's radar readings that it could confirm that the plane travelling west across Malaysia was MH370. ''We have put our national security second to the search for the missing plane,'' Mr Najib said. But a Malaysia Airlines statement indicated the satellite data had been with authorities for some time. ''Given the nature of the situation and its extreme sensitivity, it was critical that the raw satellite signals were verified and analysed by the relevant authorities so their significance could be properly understood,'' it said. ''This naturally took some time, during which we were unable to publicly confirm their existence. ''Even so, the disappearance of MH370 has exposed deep flaws in Malaysia's security operations. Two passengers got on the aircraft in Kuala Lumpur using stolen passports and Malaysian police initially downplayed concerns that the pilots of the aircraft may have had terrorist links. On Thursday night, Malaysia's Defence Minister, Hishammuddin Hussein, emphatically denied that there was evidence that MH370 had flown on for hours as he re-affirmed the investigation was centred on the South China Sea. Hours later, White House spokesman Jay Carney corrected that, saying the Indian Ocean was the new focus of attention. 