WorldStage Newsonline-- The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called for a detailed forensic audit of the accounts and financial activities of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) from 2009 till date. In a statement Sunday by its National Publicity Secretary, Chief Olisa Metuh, the ruling party also demanded a disclosure of movements of funds in respect of contract sums, donations and other extra budgetary spending under the suspended CBN governor, Mallam Sanusi Lamido Sanusi. The party maintained that the audit is required for Nigerians to know the beneficiary companies and persons behind them, as well as the value of the contracts and their status of execution. Quoting the report of the Financial Reporting Council, the party accused the apex bank of engaging in reckless award of inflated contracts through which over N680 billion was frittered away. The PDP insisted that the beneficiaries of the contracts were "highly corrupt persons" who have been hiding under the toga of anti-corruption crusaders and whistle blowers to syphon the nation’s resources. It also alleged huge infractions on the management of the bank's funds, which it said, made it impossible for the CBN to properly prepare its financial statements since 2012 using International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The party stated that its investigation revealed that the All Progressives Congress (APC) and its stalwarts were the beneficiaries of syphoned CBN money, "surreptitiously diverted to them by the suspended CBN governor". The statement continued: "A fraudulent N48 billion contract was awarded to a leader of the APC while N5 billion was further paid to another stalwart of the party as consultancy fee. "The CBN also diverted over N1billion to the APC to open offices across the nation in addition to N100 million donated each to some chieftains of the APC to fund their activities last year. "The audit must expose the true beneficiaries of over N150 billion doled out as developmental donations, especially as some of the institutions listed as beneficiaries such as the Bayero University, Kano (BUK) have denied receiving the sums recorded against their names by the CBN. "The BUK was widely reported to have announced that it received only N1billion as against the N4 billion donation claimed by the apex bank. "Our great party as well as other well meaning Nigerians are particularly worried by allegations that such funds may have actually ended up as financial support to clandestine groups working against the unity and corporate existence of the nation". The PDP further stated that the forensic audit would provide answers to how the apex bank under Sanusi spent N20. 202 billion on legal and professional fees in 2011; as well as the N1. 257 billion spent on private guard and lunch for policemen in 2012. "It will explain to Nigerians how the sum of N23 million and N50 million were spent just to renovate the official residence of the CBN governor, while solving the puzzle of N848 million claimed to have been spent on the purchase of a property from the National Planning Commission even without any transaction agreement"The ruling party similarly said there were discrepancies in the 2011 and 2012 CBN accounts regarding the Nigerian Security Printing and Minting Company (NSPMC). "Wherein the CBN claimed to have paid a total of N38. 233 billion to the company in 2011 for printing of banknotes whereas, the NSPMC declared a total turnover of N29. 370 billion for all its transactions with all clients (including the CBN) were grave issues of corruption that no responsible government will sweep under the carpet. "This financial recklessness was capped by impudence in the illegal acquisition without the knowledge of the President or the CBN Board, of 7% shares of International Islamic Liquidity Management Corporation of Malaysia to the tune of N0. 743 Billion in a clear violation of the CBN Act. "The issue of prudence at the apex bank borders cardinally on the health of the economy, the growth and well being of the entire nation.  Our demand for a forensic audit therefore tallies seamlessly with our firm position on due process and rule law, bearing in mind the imperative of straightening the records and bringing offenders to book, failure of which will catalyze a furious denudation on the confidence of Nigerians in governance, while emitting wrong signals to the international communities, especially, the development partners," the statement added. 