Bad zoos in Malaysia have a very poor image for the very reason they are unacceptably bad for both animals and humans.  A great many continue to operate in blatant contravention of the Wildlife Conservation Act 2010.  Practically none have any conservation or educational value to either animals or visitors. To suggest rebranding bad zoos is a good idea is to look at serious animal welfare issues, not to mention lawbreaking, through rose-tinted glasses – which is what Perhilitan and the NRE do.  You can rebrand or repackage anything that’s past its sell-by date, but the contents remain the same.  All you are doing is trying to fool the paying public. If, as the writer claims, zoos have such a bad name internationally why is it the leading zoos in the world (Singapore, San Diego, Frankfurt, Jersey, London and many others) all retain the word ‘Zoo’ in their name?The vast majority of Malaysian zoos and animal parks are bad because the management choose either not to enforce the law or, they simply have no professional skills in either animal welfare of zoo management – in other words they are in the wrong job. Perhilitan have closed a few small zoos only because of and following courageous investigative reporting by NGO groups Malaysian Friends of the Animals (MFOTA) and Friends of the Orangutans (FOTO).  They have the records to prove this. What is more, these same NGOs always try at least three times to privately persuade Perhilitan to act against poor zoos.   Only after Perhilitan chooses not to enforce the law do these NGOs go public with their photos and reports to force change. These two NGO groups have saved many animals from further cruelty.  They should be commended for their work and supported by Malaysians.  In the last few days MFOTA has filed with Perhilitan follow up reports on KL Tower Zoo, Penang Snake Park/Zoo and Perlis Snake and Reptile Park. All three places having been reported multiple times before to these government officials.  Let’s see if Perhilitan management will enforce the law this time.  After all, the law has been in place three years and that’s too long to allow animals to suffer, would you agree?In December 2011, Dr Zaaba Zainol Abidin of Perhilitan said this in a newspaper report: “Zoos must also give animals comfortable living space and proper care.  Failure to do so will see veterinarians being fined up to RM100,000 as they are responsible for the welfare of animals. ”Two years later neither has happened and the only reason why is because he and his colleagues won’t enforce the law.  When was a vet ever prosecuted, let alone a zoo owner? Even when a zoo is closed the management are not prosecuted and Perhilitan also decline to tell us where the animals have been relocated to. If Malaysians want to see better zoos, rather than change the name to biosphere or whatever, first you will need to change the top management at Perhilitan.  Because, until you do so you can call KL Tower Zoo, KL Tower Palace, but to the animals and visitors inside this and other places will remain hell on earth because that’s what Perhilitan allows to happen 24/7, regardless of a very good law on the statute books. Why is it Singapore has a world-class zoo but Malaysia does not have one of its 40 or so zoos which come remotely close to world-class?The writer is CEO of Nature AlertAlso read:  Perhilitan should consider rebranding zoos