India has put its search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'on hold. 'The move comes at the request of the Malaysian Government which wants to reassess the week-old hunt for the Boeing 777. Kuala Lumpur wants to reassess the week-old hunt for the aircraft which is suspected of being deliberately flown off course. India had been combing two areas, one around the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and a second, further west, in the Bay of Bengal.  Both operations have been suspended, but may yet resume, defence officials said. "It's more of a pause," said Commander Babu, a spokesman for the country's Eastern Naval Command. "The Malaysian authorities are reassessing the situation.  They will figure whether they need to shift the area of search. "Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak yesterday confirmed the Boeing 777 jet was deliberately diverted from its planned route between his country's capital Kuala Lumpur and Beijing. Investigators said trackers aboard the plane, which transmit its location to air traffic controllers, were disabled moments after take-off last Friday. And the airliner could have flown on for seven hours after vanishing from radar over the South China Sea. The jet vanished in the early hours of the 8th. Experts say it could have crossed up to 14 countries and landed safely in Kazakhstan or crashed into the Indian Ocean. Investigators believe someone with flying experience took the cockpit controls and steered Flight MH370 off its planned route. A Malaysian government official said the hijacking theory was now "conclusive". Radar tracks show the plane climbing and descending in unusual patterns, which should have alerted air traffic controllers that something was wrong. MH370 flew to 45,000ft - almost 2,000ft above what Boeing says is its maximum recommended height - before descending to 23,000ft. It changed course at least twice from its scheduled route - first to fly west back towards Malaysia and then north west into one of two air lanes used by commercial planes. A total of 57 ships, 48 aircraft and 13 nations are taking part in the air and sea search . Loaded with maximum fuel, a Boeing 777 plane can fly for 7,725 miles. But aviation experts said it was unlikely it would have that much in the tanks for its scheduled flight path. If MH370 flew through other countries' airspaces it should have triggered national air defences. Flight Global's operations and safety editor David Learmount said: "If it has flown north, why have none of the countries it has flown over said anything?"That's the thing that baffles me more than any other.  They would have sent up aircraft to investigate.  If it's gone south there's nothing there until you hit Antarctica. "Boeing 777s need a runway up to a mile long to land, making it unlikely it touched down safely on a remote Asian strip. "I can't think which airfield it would be - and what would they do with the passengers?" said Mr Learmount. Malaysian authorities have been criticised for keeping the possibility of a hijack secret for eight days. Mr Learmount said their "total incompetence is unforgivable", and created more agony for families desperate for news. Malaysian PM Razak said yesterday: "We can say with a high degree of certainty that the aircraft communications addressing and reporting system was disabled just before it reached the east coast of peninsular Malaysia. "Shortly afterwards the aircraft's transponder was switched off. "From this point onwards, the Royal Malaysian Air Force primary radar showed an aircraft believed to be MH370 did indeed turn back.  It then flew in a westerly direction back over peninsular Malaysia before turning north west. "These movements are consistent with deliberate action by someone on the plane. "Click here to stay up to date with the search for the missing jet with out live blog. 