Australia has taken the lead in the hunt for the missing Boeing 777 over the southern Indian Ocean as the list of countries providing assistance rose to 26 today. The move came as revealed that two million square miles still need to be searched. Malaysia has appealed for radar data and search planes to help in the unprecedented hunt through a vast area of Asia stretching north-west into Kazakhstan. It said searches have begun in both the northern and southern corridors of a vast swathe of Asia where the jet may have ended up.  The Malaysian government has revealed an investigation indicates the jet was deliberately diverted and flew for several hours after leaving its scheduled flight path. Investigators say Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was deliberately diverted and its communications equipment switched off shortly after take-off during an overnight flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8. Suspicion has fallen on anyone on board the plane with aviation experience, in particular the pilot Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and co-pilot. Today, the airline said it believes the co-pilot Fariq Hamid spoke the jet's final words to ground controllers. Malaysian police confiscated a flight simulator from the home of the pilot on Saturday and also visited the home of the co-pilot, in what Malaysia's police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said was the first visit to their homes.  The government issued a statement today contradicting that account by saying that police first visited the pilots' homes on March 9, the day after the flight. Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein also said at a news conference that finding the plane was still the main focus, and he did not rule out finding it intact.  'The fact that there was no distress signal, no ransom notes, no parties claiming responsibility, there is always hope,' Hishammuddin said.  Meanwhile, researchers from Slade. com have pinpointed 634 runways where the plane could have landed in the area being searched. Today it was revealed Britain and France are now among the countries providing help along with Australia, which will take responsibility for the 'southern vector'. CCTV footage captures Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, pilot of the Boeing 777 flight, being frisked while walking through security at Kuala Lumpar International Airport French investigators arrived to lend expertise from the two-year search for an Air France jet that crashed into the Atlantic Ocean in 2009.  'It's very different from the Air France case.  The Malaysian situation is much more difficult,' Jean Paul Troadec, a special adviser to France's aviation accident investigation bureau, said in Kuala Lumpur.   Kazakhstan said it had not detected any 'unsanctioned use' of its air space by any planes on March 8, making it unlikely that a missing Malaysia Arlines jetliner could have been diverted along a northern route via Thailand.  The flight could hypothetically have reached the Central Asian nation's air space, but it would have been detected there, the Kazakh Civil Aviation Committee said in a detailed statement. Malaysia Airlines planes had made nine regular flights to and from Europe over Kazakhstan's territory on March 8, it said. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told parliament that he agreed to take the lead in scouring the southern Indian Ocean for the 'ill-fated aircraft' during a conversation today with Malaysia's leader Najib Razak. Abbott, who revealed he had no information that the flight may have come close to Australia, said he was responding to a request from Mr Razak. 'He asked that Australia take responsibility for the search on the southern vector, which the Malaysian authorities now think was one possible flight path for this ill-fated aircraft,' Abbott told parliament. 'I agreed that we would do so.  I offered the Malaysian prime minister additional maritime surveillance resources which he gratefully accepted. 'Abbott said the defence chiefs of Australia and Malaysia were discussing how to implement the arrangement. 'Australia will do its duty in this matter.  It will do our duty to ensure that our search and rescue responsibilities are maintained and upheld,' he said. 'And we will do our duty to the families of the 230 people on that aircraft who are still absolutely devastated by their absence and who are still profoundly, profoundly saddened by this as yet unfathomed mystery. 'Asked earlier whether Australian agencies had detected the plane close to Australia, given its western coast borders the Indian Ocean, Abbott said: 'I don't have any information to that effect. 'But all of our agencies that could possibly help in this area are scouring their data to see if there's anything that they can add to the understanding of this mystery,' he told reporters. Australia has two Orion surveillance aircraft assisting with the search for the plane, which was en route to Beijing when it disappeared.  Abbott said one of those had now been redeployed to the Indian Ocean. Six Australians were on board the commercial flight carrying 239 passengers and crew which vanished on March 8 in a busy Southeast Asian sky, and relatives have clung to hope that their loved ones may still be alive.  'I haven't got a clue what is going on, but maybe they have been hijacked and that gives me hope,' David Lawton, whose brother Bob was aboard MH370, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on Monday. 'In this day and age and the technology we have you would think they would be able to find it, but no, apparently they can't. 'I don't blame anybody for it, I just want to know what their fate was,' he added. Abbott said the incident could lead to changes in how aircraft are tracked. 'I think that there will be a lot of analysis done of this particular event which thus far remains deeply, deeply mysterious,' he said. 'And I think there will be a lot of lessons learnt, and I dare say some of those lessons will involve the tracking of aircraft. 'Australia already had two AP-3C Orion aircraft involved in the search, one of them looking north and west of the remote Cocos Islands. Malaysian authorities have said the satellite signal or 'ping' received from the jet carrying 239 people more than seven hours after it took off shows that it also may have entered a northern corridor stretching over land from south-east Asia north-west into central Asia. The final picture: The missing jet is pictured here in February this year above Polish airspace Prime Minister Singh's office said that his Malaysian counterpart Najib Razak, in a phone call late Sunday, had requested 'technical assistance from Indian authorities in corroborating the possible paths that the missing Malaysian airliner might have taken'.  Singh 'assured all possible assistance from concerned Indian authorities', the office said in a statement.  A huge area spanning the rainforests of South East Asia and the landscapes of former Soviet Union republics is now part of the investigation into the fate of Flight MH370, which set out nine days ago on a routine flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.  Excruciatingly for the families of the 239 people on board, searchers from 25 nations still have no idea whether the aircraft has come down on land or sea.  But experts have concluded that it was hijacked or sabotaged by someone with knowledge of the controls – and from the moment it swerved away from its path could have headed south into the southern Indian Ocean or north in a gentle curve to Central Asia.  The plane’s last signal, which was picked up by a satellite orbiting more than 22,000 miles above the Indian Ocean, placed it along one of two arcs – referred to as air corridors.   One runs from the southern border of Kazakhstan in Central Asia to northern Thailand.  The other runs from near Jakarta, Indonesia, to the Indian Ocean, some 1,000 miles off Australia’s west coast.  The authorities believe the last signals picked up by satellite could possibly have been transmitted when the plane was on land – and yesterday, after a fruitless hunt of oceans to the east and west of Malaysia, authorities in Kuala Lumpur announced that searches have begun across 11 different countries.  The ‘straight line’ distance from the most southerly point of the search, in the southern Indian Ocean, to the most northerly area in Central Asia is an enormous 6,000 miles.  And in a remarkable development, Indian officials have suggested that the jet could have ‘slipped through’ radar gaps on its way over the ocean.   Rear Admiral Sudhir Pillai explained: ‘We have many radar systems operating in this area.  Nothing was picked up, but it’s possible that the military radars were switched off as we operate on an “as required” basis. ’ And senior Indian Air Force and Navy officers have admitted there are a ‘few gaps’ in the country’s civil and military radar networks, a measure which keeps costs down – although they stressed that it would be ‘virtually impossible’ for it to have crossed into Indian air space and remain undetected.  The same applies to Pakistan, which has led some to believe that the jet did not get as far as the subcontinent.  If it did not plunge into the Indian Ocean, the plane could have landed on an airstrip long enough to accommodate a Boeing 777 – a required distance of 5,000ft, or almost a mile.  US radio station WNYC has put together a list of 634 runways that meet this criteria in the flying range from Kuala Lumpur of the missing jet – with some located in far-flung destinations such as Mongolia and Yap in Micronesia.  Malaysian transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein said yesterday that the search had become ‘even more difficult’.   He added: ‘This is a significant recalibration.  What we’re doing here may change aviation history. ’ Hishammuddin Hussain added that the number of countries involved in the operation had increased from 14 to 25.  China loses patience with Malaysia over hunt for missing flight MH370 and warns it must 'immediately' step up the operation It came after China's ambassador met Malaysia's foreign minister China called for Malaysia to 'provide more thorough, accurate information' China does not reveal if it is searching Tibet and Xinjiang region About two-thirds of the passengers on board the flight were Chinese  China has showed its growing impatience with Malaysia over the hunt for missing jet MH370 and warned it must 'immediately' expand the search.  As the list of countries involved in the hunt rose to 26, China's Foreign Ministry said Malaysia needs to clarify the scope of the operation which now covers an area the size of Africa.  Meanwhile, Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said at a regular briefing in Beijing that China's ambassador to Malaysia met Malaysia's foreign minister on Monday.  Chinese relatives of passengers aboard a missing Malaysia Airlines plane leave a hotel room after attending a briefing in Beijing Anxious wait: Chinese relatives of passengers aboard a missing Malaysia Airlines are still waiting to find out happened to their loved ones No trace of the plane has been found more than a week after it vanished but investigators believe it was diverted by someone with deep knowledge of the plane and commercial navigation.  Satellite data suggests the plane could be anywhere in either of two vast arcs: one stretching from northern Thailand to Kazakhstan, or a southern arc from Indonesia into the Indian Ocean west of Australia.  'Of course search and rescue efforts have become even harder now, and the area is much bigger,' Hong said.  'We hope that Malaysia can provide more thorough, accurate information to countries participating. ' Hong declined to comment when asked if China is checking into the backgrounds of the Chinese passengers on board in search of suspicious histories.  He declined to say whether China is searching over Tibet and the western region of Xinjiang for the jet, or whether China has ruled out that the plane entered its airspace.  Malaysian investigators are trawling through the backgrounds of the pilots, crew and ground staff who worked on the missing Boeing 777-200ER for clues as to why someone on board flew it perhaps thousands of miles off course.  Today, Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein reiterated his country is doing all it can and finding the jet is its 'first priority'.  He also repeated Malaysia's rejection of suggestions it is holding information back.  HOW COUNTRIES HAVE RESPONDED TO THE HUNT FOR MH370 Malaysia, which is co-ordinating the search, has deployed about 18 aircraft and 27 ships, including the submarine support vessel MV Mega Bakti, which can detect objects at a depth of up to 3,280ft (1,000m).  Australia has sent two AP-3C Orion aircraft, one of which is searching the waters to the north and west of the Cocos Islands.  Australia's defence department is refusing to say whether Malaysia has asked Australia to divulge any radar information, but Prime Minister Tony Abbott said all Australian agencies 'are scouring their data to see if there's anything they can add to the understanding of this mystery'.  An official with the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority says the missing plane did not enter Chinese airspace.  The Chinese Defence Ministry and Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to questions on radar information.  China has deployed nine navy ships and civilian patrol vessels and a variety of fixed wing and rotary aircraft, along with a team of experts dispatched to Malaysia.  A P-8A Poseidon, the most advanced long-range anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare aircraft in the world, has been searching in the Indian Ocean.  The US Navy has also deployed the destroyer USS Kidd with two MH-60R helicopters.  Indonesian air force spokesman Hadi Tjahjanto says military radars on Sumatra island found no trace of the jetliner and that data requested by the Malaysian government had been handed over.  He says that search efforts have shifted from the Malacca Strait to the corridor stretching from northern Sumatra to the Indian Ocean.  The director-general of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, Muhammed Yousaf, says radar recordings shared with Malaysia found no sign of the jetliner.  India put its search operations in the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal on hold this weekend and continues to co-ordinate with Malaysia about possible new search areas.  Royal Thai Air Force spokesman Montol Suchookorn says the Thai military gave its radar data to Malaysia on March 10 and has not received any additional requests.  The Royal Thai Navy suspended its search mission in the Gulf of Thailand and South China Sea on Saturday.  Other nations involved are Bangladesh, Brunei, Burma, France, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, New Zealand, the Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Turkmenistan, United Arab Emirates, the UK, Uzbekistan, and Vietnam. 