China urges against confrontation on Ukraine crisis China on Sunday called for a political solution instead of confrontation after the United Nations Security Council failed to adopt a draft resolution on the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said China does not agree to a move of confrontation. Russia vetoed the draft resolution, drawn up by the United States and backed by Western countries, that declared that a planned referendum slated for Sunday on the status of Ukraine's Crimea region "can have no validity" and urged nations and international organizations not to recognize it.  Qin Gang said the vote on the draft resolution by the Security Council at this juncture will only result in confrontation and further complicate the situation, which is not in conformity with the common interests of both the people of Ukraine and those of the international community. The spokesman said China always respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all states, which is the long-standing fundamental foreign policy of China. China calls on all sides to remain calm and exercise restraint to avoid further escalation of the tensions. Ukraine's Crimea kicks off referendum to determine future status Some 1,200 polling stations opened Sunday in Crimea for a referendum to decide whether the autonomous republic will break away from Ukraine. Witnessing the referendum are 135 foreign observers from 23 countries and 1,240 local ones.  The controversial vote also attracted some 2,500 journalists from around the world.  The final results of the referendum will not be announced until Monday. U. S. , French defense chiefs discuss Ukraine ahead of Crimea referendum U. S.  Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian discussed the situation in Ukraine in a phone call ahead of a planned referendum in Ukraine's autonomous republic of Crimea. Pentagon says Hagel and Le Drian "affirmed the solidarity of the NATO alliance" and the importance of the United States and France continuing to work closely with each other to support Central and Eastern European allies. They also discussed their respective "reviews of bilateral military cooperation with Russia," and pledged that senior officials from the two countries will remain in close touch on the issue in the days ahead. LD: G8 prepares expulsion of Russia: media Russia is threatened to lose its status as a G8 member country amid the Ukrainian crisis as the G7 group is considering to choose London as an alternative meeting place for the Sochi summit. Reports say the group of seven major industrialized nations (G7) is reportedly preparing for a meeting without Russia. China urges "thorough, accurate information" from Malaysia on missing jet China has urged Malaysia to continue providing more "thorough and accurate information" about missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 after Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the disappearance of the missing Malaysia Airlines jet was deliberate. China's deputy foreign minister Xie Hangsheng says the Chinese government and all the people in the country pay great attention to the latest news on the missing Malaysia Airlines jet. The Malaysian authorities are now trying to trace the missing jet in one of two possible corridors -- a northern one from the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan to northern Thailand, and a southern one stretching from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean. Citing the decision made at an inter-agency emergency meeting held in Beijing following Najib's press conference, Xie Hangsheng urged the Malaysian side to continue stepping up the efforts to search the plane, keeping close touch with the Chinese side on the readjustment for the search deployment, and providing the Chinese side with more thorough and accurate information. Indian air traffic control experts rule out possibility of missing Malaysian jet entering Indian airspaceIndian air traffic control experts have ruled out the possibility of the missing Malaysia Airlines jet entering Indian airspace without being noticed by Indian defense system. Children at scandal-hit kindergartens show "abnormal" health results The health indexes of 65 children who attended two kindergartens in China accused of illegally administering antiviral drugs were found to be "abnormal" during a health examination. A local government official said the abnormalities were not consistent from child to child.  The official promised the comprehensive examination results would be published in time.  Investigation has so far confirmed that the kindergartens gave children moroxydine ABOB to prevent colds and enhance resistance to improve their attendance.  Police detained the legal representative, principals and doctors of the kindergartens for illegal medical practice.  Police are investigating the sources of the prescription antiviral drugs, as well as the quantity and scale of their use.  Meanwhile, a similar scandal emerged at another private kindergarten in northeast China's Jilin Province. Four dead in Chinese hospital fire Four people have been killed in a hospital fire in central China's Hubei Province. Investigation into the cause of the fire is under way. 