Property of unknown value was Sunday destroyed during a fire at Kawangare market which burned down more than 30 stalls and shops. Witnesses said they heard a loud bang emanating from the transformer which had been repaired by Kenya Power staff a few minutes earlier. This was followed by a fire which spread fast to stalls stocking electronics, cereals and clothing and also to several eateries which were completely razed.  No one was injured during the incident. “I heard a loud bang and I ran away only to see fire spreading through electric wires lighting the stalls,” said Mr Samuel Kimani, a local. The traders and neighbours immediately began attacking the huge blaze with buckets of water but were overwhelmed by the blaze leading to loss of goods worth millions. “I stocked my shop on January with electronics worth Sh2 million and I have not been able to salvage anything,” said a distraught Mr Joseph Warutere. His counterpart Mr Peter Migwi also said he lost similar stock worth Sh1. 2 million in the inferno which was also fought by two fire engines from the Nairobi County Government. Mr Warutere blamed Kenya Power for negligence saying the transformer has had problems for the last two years with several incidents of it bursting into flames but the company had failed to install a new one. The business man said since Saturday, the transformer was seen smouldering and the traders called the power company which sent technicians who were seen working on it. “They told us to stay away from the equipment but then again Sunday afternoon, it developed problems and we called them,” added Mr Warutere. But about ten minutes after the power crew finished repairing the transformer, the equipment burst throwing oil and flames to the stalls. “We demand compensation from Kenya Power for the loss, the company has been sloppy in changing the transformer or reducing its power load,” said Mr Warutere. His sentiments were echoed by Dagoretti North MP Simba Arati who said Kenya Power should be ready to pay the traders for the loss or face court action. Locals also blamed the fire brigade department for responding slowly to the fire saying the two fire engines arrived when it was too late. 