MALAYSIA'S transport minister, Hishammuddin Husseinhas, dismissed international concerns about its handling of the air disaster, and said the tragedy was an "unprecedented case" with lessons for all. "It's not right to say there is a breach in the standard procedures, what we're going through here is being monitored throughout the world and may change aviation history," he said. The Royal Malaysian Air Force is widely respected and has a fleet of Sukhoi S30 and F16 fighter jets.  It does regular training exercises with counterparts in Britain, Australia, New Zealand and Singapore. His comments were supported by Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, Malaysia's director general of civil aviation, who said "many will have lessons to learn from this.  I've been in aviation for 35 years and I've never seen this kind of incident before". Neither elaborated on the loopholes exposed beyond Malaysia by the seizure of MH370, and stressed that Kuala Lumpur would not focus on the issue until it had found the aircraft, its passengers and crew. Anifah Aman, Malaysia's foreign minister, said the world was "missing the point" by focusing on security implications and that he still hoped for a "miracle" in finding the passengers and crew alive. "The focus must be on finding the plane.  I don't want to support any of the theories at this juncture.  This involves a lot of lives.  My worry is where is the plane and what little chance that people are safe so that they can come back.  We believe in miracles and like to think they're safe and can return to their families," he said. Prime Minister Najib Razak confirmed on Saturday that the Boeing 777 had been flown from close to Vietnamese air space over the South China Sea, back across the Malaysian peninsula to the Strait of Malacca, close to Penang, and then took two possible navigational corridors. Search operations, now including 25 countries, are now focused on a northern corridor from the Turkmenistan-Kazakhstan border to northern Thailand, and a southern sector from Indonesia to the vast southern Indian Ocean. The investigation into what happened to the plane is now based on four theories – all of which follow from Mr Najib's acceptance on Saturday that the plane had been deliberately seized or hijacked. Police Inspector General Khalid Abu Bakar said those who had taken the plane were either hijackers, saboteurs, someone with a personal vendetta or a psychological problem.  His investigation had been launched under a Malaysian law which covers terrorism offences, he said. Until now, the government has been reluctant to refer to the seizure as a hijacking or act of terrorism because they have yet to find any evidence on the motive of whoever seized the plane. Malaysia has not suffered terrorism on the scale of neighbours Indonesia, Thailand, and the Philippines, although several Malaysian nationals are known to have received training from al-Qa'ida.  (© Daily Telegraph, London)