Missing Malaysian flight MH 370 was hijacked to carry out 9/11 type terror attack on an Indian city,says Strobe Talbott who was deputy secretary of state in the Bill Clinton administration. Police comb through backgrounds of pilots and crew of missing Malaysian plane, as new findings are revealed. Attention is focusing on the pilots of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight after the country's leader announced findings that suggest someone with intimate knowledge of the Boeing 777's cockpit seized control of the plane and sent it off-course.   Police are combing through the personal, political and religious backgrounds of pilots and crew of the missing jetliner, a senior officer said on Sunday.   Strobe tweeted: “Malaysia plane mystery: Direction,fuel load & range now lead some to suspect hijackers planned a 9/11-type attack on an Indian city. "  while the Indian Navy is engaged on a search mission over the bay of Bengal   Strobe is of the view that in a fresh attack plotted by Al Qaeda  to hit the US allies with the hijacked plane.  A week has been pased but there is no clue but sinster act is being analysed by the investigators. Strobe said the fears of a 9/11 terror attack on an Indian city is likely as the aircraft's transponder was switched off shortly afterwards  and the plane was deliberately diverted when the plane was between the border of Malaysian and Vietnamese air traffic control and Radar data showed that from this point onwards a plane believed to be MH370 did turn back and turned back in a westerly direction before turning north west.  Not ruling out a hijack,Malaysia today said the movement of the missing Flight MH370 with 239 people on board was "consistent with deliberate action by someone on plane".  Prime Minister Najib Razak said authorities are now trying to trace the plane across two possible corridors - in the north to the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan, and a southern corridor from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean.     Malaysia’s PM Najib Razak said his government would seek the help of other governments across a large region of Asia in trying to find the plane.  Malaysian authorities later released a map showing that the last satellite signal received from the plane had been sent from a point somewhere along one of two arcs spanning large distances across Asia. Satellite data shows hijacked MH370 was last seen flying towards Pakistan OR Indian Ocean as investigators search pilots' luxury homes and reveal one had home-made flight simulatorThe Maritime Operations Centre at South block is abuzz with activities under the command of director general naval operations Vice-Admiral Girish Luthra who has access to real-time information from naval warships and aircraft that are engaged in the combing operations thousands of miles away. "Based on new satellite communication we can say with a high degree of certainty that the aircraft communication addressing system was disabled just before the aircraft reached the east coast of Malaysia," Najib told reporters here at a press conference. "These were deliberate actions of someone on plane," he said, but stopped short of saying the aircraft had been hijacked. "The last satellite communication was at 8. 11 am (local time) on March 8," he said, suggesting that the plane was in the air for 7. 5 hours after it lost the control.  The plane had left Kuala lumpur for Beijing at 12:41 am and lost contact with civilian radar and hour later. "Despite the media of reports hijacking, I am very clear we are still looking into all possibilities," he said. The Prime Minister said that based on the raw satellite radar it could be confirmed that the aircraft which was spotted an hour after it vanished from the civilian radar and seen on the military's primary radar was indeed the missing Malaysian plane Boeing 777 Flight MH370. Najib said there will be a refocus on investigation on  crew and passengers. There has been no trace of the plane nor any sign of wreckage despite a search by the navies and military aircraft of 14 countries across Southeast Asia . 