SEPANG: All Malaysia Airlines (MAS) ground staff involved in handling the MH370 aircraft have been investigated by the police, said acting Transport Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Tun Hussein. He said besides the 239 passengers and crew of MH370, the investigation also focused on the ground staff which handled the aircraft that went missing on March 8. “The Malaysian authorities are refocusing their investigation on all crew and passengers on board MH370, as well as all ground staff handling the aircraft,” he said at a press briefing on the search for the missing aircraft here yesterday. Hishammuddin said Malaysia had been working with international law enforcement agencies since day one and refused to comment on speculative theories on what might have caused the flight to deviate from its original route fearing it could cause prejudice to the on-going investigation. Earlier yesterday in a statement, he said the MAS engineers, who were in contact with the aircraft before it took off, were also being investigated. The Beijing-bound Boeing 777-200ER aircraft with 227 passengers and 12 crew onboard vanished from the radar about an hour after leaving the KLIA at 12. 41am. The fate of the passengers is still unknown as the search and rescue (SAR) operations haveyet to locate the missing aircraft. On Saturday, the police had searched the homes of the MH370 pilot, Capt Zaharie Ahmad Shah, 53, and his co-pilot, Fariq Abdul Hamid, 27, in Shah Alam. On the search operation, Hishammuddin said the number of countries involved in the search and rescue operation had increased from 14 to 25, which brought new challenges of co-ordination and diplomacy to the search effort. “In the last 24 hours, the Prime Minister has spoken to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, the President of Turkmenistan, the President of Kazakhstan and Prime Minister of India. “Yesterday (on Saturday)the Foreign Ministry of Malaysia briefed representatives from countries along the northern and southern corridors,” he said. He said the Foreign Ministry of Malaysia briefed representatives from 22 countries, including those along the northern and southern search corridors, as well other countries that may be able to help. Touching on the aircraft maintenance, he said MAS had confirmed that the aircraft was subjected to the required maintenance programme, namely ‘the Boeing Maintenance Planning Document’, and the aircraft had been fully serviced, as well as was fit to fly. He said the global satellite network operator, Inmarsat team, arrived yesterday to assist the investigation by the Malaysian authorities, the United Kingdom and the United States of America.  — Bernama