In the early hours of Saturday March 8th, a jetliner carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew took off from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur for Beijing in China. It climbed into the night's sky, heading over the South China Sea. But 41 minutes later, air traffic controllers lost contact with the pilot, 53-year-old Zaharie Ahmad Shah, and the Boeing 777-200ER simply vanished into thin air. Since then, an international investigation involving 11 countries has failed to find any concrete sign of the plane or come up with an explanation for what happened. For all the latest updates on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight follow our live blog. Yesterday, a week after the plane's disappearance, the Malaysian prime minister said they now believe "deliberate action" was taken to alter the direction of the aircraft. With every passing day, more and more facts emerge, but each seeming to make the mystery ever deeper. Here, we pose 12 key questions about the fate of flight MH370 which remain unanswered:Air traffic controllers in Subang, outside Kuala Lumpur, did not receive a distress signal from flight MH370. Neither the pilot nor his co-pilot made any attempt to indicate there was a problem. The jet could be tracked one second, and was gone the next. A leading aviation safety expert said he found it "extraordinary" that there is no record of a distress call. The plane would have been cruising at about 35,000 feet when it lost contact, giving the pilots "plenty of time" to report any technical problems, Flight Global's operations and safety editor David Learmount said. "Something happened and the pilots did not tell anyone.  Why? It's a good question," he said. "It's extraordinary the pilots failed to call because they had plenty of time to.  Unless there was a bomb on board but there has been no evidence of that. "The mystery deepened yet further yesterday, when in a press conference, Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak said authorities now believe the plane's communications systems were deliberately disabled. He said: "Based on new satellite communication we can say with a high degree of certainty that the aircraft communication addressing system was disabled just before the aircraft reached the east coast of Malaysia. "There is growing concern among Malaysian and Chinese authorities that the airliner's disappearance may have been the work of terrorists. There were 14 nationalities on board, the vast majority Chinese nationals. A number of ethnic minorities have waged terror attacks against the Chinese state. The largely Muslim Uyghur ethnic group, concentrated in the north-western province of Xinjiang, are more closely attached to the cultures of Central Asia and have fought for independence from China on several occasions. Just last week the group was blamed for a violent attack at a Chinese train station. Tibet has resisted control from China for centuries. However, so far no group has claimed responsibility for an attack on the flight. Malaysian police searched the home of co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid yesterday, for evidence that could help with the investigation. Police also searched the home of Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, confirming that they found, dismantled and removed a flight simulator from the property. T-shirt: Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah (right) with best friend Peter ChongCaptain Zaharie Ahmad Shah was a fervent supporter of his country's opposition leader, Anwar Ibrahim, who was jailed for homosexuality just hours before MH370 vanished. An extraordinary photo has surfaced of Zaharie in a T-shirt bearing the slogan Democracy is Dead. And in a new twist, it emerged that the pilot's wife and three children moved out of the family's home the day before the plane's disappearance. But a Malaysia Airlines pilot who is close to Zaharie told Reuters: "Is it wrong for anyone to have an opinion about politics?"Please, let them find the aircraft first.  Zaharie is not suicidal, not a political fanatic. "Investigators say they have not received any ransom or other demand. The hunt for the missing airliner switched to the Indian Ocean yesterday, with investigators saying it could have flown hundreds of miles off course. New satellite data shows the Boeing 777 was in the air for at least five hours after the jet lost contact with air traffic control. It's thought that flight MH370 reversed course shortly after communications links were severed, flying across the Malaysian peninsula and out over the Strait of Malacca.  From there it's believed to have headed towards the Indian Ocean. Military officers said the were looking at the possibility that flight MH370 had tried to turn back from its scheduled path before vanishing. "What we have done is actually look into the recording on the radar that we have and we realised there is a possibility the aircraft did make a turnback," Rodzali Daud, the Royal Malaysian Air Force chief, told reporters at a news conference. If true, was this an attempt to land after a mid-air disaster? Or because of some element of foul play on board the aircraft?Malaysian authorities have revealed that the jet climbed from the Boeing 777's approved cruising altitude of 35,000 ft to a height of 45,000 ft. Radar signals showed the plane then descended to 23,000 ft before climbing again and flying towards the Indian Ocean. Officials say only someone with "significant flying experience" could have done this, but why would they? Could it have been a plot to evade radar coverage? Or was there a struggle over the cockpit controls?In this morning's dramatic press conference, officials said it was possible that the last satellite signal received from the plane was sent when it was on the ground. The Data Team at WNYC Radio in New York put together a map of the hundreds of runways within the search area. Based on the size of the plane, there are 634 places where the aircraft could have landed. They spread as far north as Pakistan, and as far south as the west coast of Australia and Japan. Interpol confirmed "at least" two passports recorded as lost or stolen in its database were used by passengers on board the missing flight and said the agency is checking for other suspect passports. Interpol said no checks of its database had been made by any country on an Austrian and an Italian passport between the time that they were stolen and the departure of the flight. The Italian who was believed to have been on board, 37-year-old Luigi Maraldi has since been pictured alive and well in Thailand. The Austrian, 30-year-old Christian Kozel has also been confirmed as alive and well and back home in Austria. Both are believed to have had passports stolen in Thailand in the past year. "Whilst it is too soon to speculate about any connection between these stolen passports and the missing plane, it is clearly of great concern that any passenger was able to board an international flight using a stolen passport listed in Interpol’s databases," Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble said in a statement. The police agency said it was in contact with its offices in the countries involved to try to establish the true identities of the passengers who boarded the flight with the stolen documents. It said it is also checking all other passports on the flight "which may have been reported stolen". Noble expressed frustration that few of Interpol’s 190 member countries "systematically" search the database to determine whether documents being used to board a plane are registered as lost or stolen. "This is a situation we had hoped never to see.  For years Interpol has asked why should countries wait for a tragedy to put prudent security measures in place at borders and boarding gates," he said. At least one relative of a Chinese passenger on board the missing flight has successfully been able to ring his mobile phone - but nobody answers. Eerie video footage emerged of the family of the missing man ringing his phone live on state television. The call connected, but no one picked up. A group of passengers have reportedly handed a petition to Malaysia Airlines to reveal "the real truth" about what happened to the flight. But for hours, relatives waiting in Beijing simply thought the flight had merely been 'delayed'. Display boards in the airport gave no indication of the disaster which had unfolded. Furious family members say they found out that the plane had gone missing from news stories, rather than Malaysian Airlines. The company eventually issued a statement at 9. 05am on Saturday, March 8 admitting: "We deeply regret that we have lost all contacts with flight MH370 which departed Kuala Lumpur at 12. 41 am earlier this morning bound for Beijing. "Was the delay simply down to incompetence on the part of panicking airline bosses?A pilot who was flying in the vicinity of flight MH370 said he heard mumbling and interference when he tried to contact the missing plane. The pilot, who asked to remain anonymous, told the New Straits Times that his plane, which was bound for Narita, Japan, was able to make contact using an emergency frequency. "We managed to establish contact with MH370 just after 1. 30am and asked them if they have transferred into Vietnamese airspace," he said. "The voice on the other side could have been either Captain Zaharie (Ahmad Shah, 53,) or Fariq (Abdul Hamid, 27), but I was sure it was the copilot“There were a lot of interference . . .  static . . .  but I heard mumbling from the other end. “That was the last time we heard from them, as we lost the connection,” he told the New Sunday Times. A Vietnamese search plane saw two possible oil slicks in the area the flight went missing. Aerial photographs of the streaks, said to be around 12 miles long, have been released. But vessels who were sent to the area failed to find any further sign of the plane and it cannot be confirmed they are linked to flight MH370. Yet they remain the strongest piece of evidence of crash so far. Follow updates on the search for flight MH370 in our live blog. 