New Delhi: Investigators are not ruling out any possibilities which could be deliberated with the missing Malaysia’s flight MH 370 after it took off on March 8, 2014 with 239 members on board.  Post taking into consideration that it’s missing is not accidental, experts now predict that the plane may be used for a 9/11 type attack on an Indian city. Strobe Talbott, who was deputy secretary of state in the Bill Clinton administration and remains an informed and influential voice in the US capital, tweets, “Malaysian plane mystery: Direction, fuel load & range now lead some to suspect hijackers planned a 9/11-type attack on an Indian city. ”Malaysian PM Najib Razak, on Saturday, said that the disappearance of jetliner MH 370 is deliberate as the communication with the airliner was disabled and the transponder was switched off when the plane was between Malaysia and Vietnam. Malaysian authorities also released a map showing that the last satellite signal received from the plane had been sent from a point somewhere along one of two arcs spanning large distances across Asia. Reports said that the map shows two red lines representing the possible locations from which Flight 370 sent its last hourly transmission to a satellite at 8. 11am on March 8 — more than seven hours after it took off from KL and when the plane would most likely have been running low on fuel. Najib reportedly said that authorities are now trying to trace the plane across two possible corridors - in the north to the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan, and a southern corridor from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean. He said, “Despite the media of reports hijacking, I am very clear we are still looking into all possibilities. "Mikael Robertsson, a founder of Flightradar24, a global aviation tracking service, reportedly said that the way the plane's communications were disabled points out the probable involvement of someone with considerable aviation expertise and knowledge of the air route, possibly a crew member, willing or unwilling. The Boeing's transponder was switched off just as the plane passed from Malaysian to Vietnamese air traffic control space, thus making it more likely that the plane's absence from communications would not arouse attention, Robertsson said by telephone from Sweden. He adds, “Always when you fly, you are in contact with air traffic control in some country. ""Instead of contacting the Vietnam air traffic control, the transponder signal was turned off, so I think the timing of turning off the signal just after you have left Malaysian air traffic control indicates someone did this on purpose, and he found the perfect moment when he wasn't in control by Malaysia or Vietnam.  He was, like, in no-man's country," he adds. Meanwhile, search operations from India’s side was stopped post a request from Malaysian authorities. "India has paused the search operation temporarily at the request of the Malaysian government.  A high-level coordination meeting is on in Malaysia.  We are waiting for it to end," a defence ministry official told reporters. "We want them to tell if they want to change the search area or widen it. . .  Our ships are there in the Andaman sea and we await directions," the official added. 