After more than a week of searching for the missing Malaysia Airlines MH370, many international media confirmed, after its disappearance from radar, MH370 crossed the Strait of Malacca and headed northwest.  The plane continued to fly for six hours.  Malaysian officials are convinced that the plane was hijacked.  Search and rescue teams expanded the search on the 14th to the Indian Ocean. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak revealed on March 15 that the communications systems of missing flight MH370 were deliberately disabled, and the route diverted, to the northwest; the last signal from the plane was 08:11 local time, although a precise location was unknown. International media such as AP and Sky TV have reported that the Malaysian official revealed investigators’ conclusion -- a pilot or someone capable of flying has hijacked MH370. The official, who refused to reveal his name, said that the motivation and location where the plane was hijacked remain unknown. The official said the hijacking was confirmed by the military radar. On Saturday noon, police searched the home of the captain, 53-year-old Zaharie Ahmad Shah. Chris Wu, Chinese Affairs magazine editor-in-chief: "The question was why they did it.  It is now a criminal case, a hijacking.  It’s not an accident. " Chris Wu wonders whether the plane crashed into the ocean or landed. According to British satellite telecommunications company Inmarsat Plc analysis, MH370 sent signals for five hours after it last made contact. BBC reported that these signals indicate the plane was intact and moving during the time the signals were emitted. According to CNN’s report, “That a classified analysis of electronic and satellite data suggests the flight likely crashed either in the Bay of Bengal or elsewhere in the Indian Ocean. ” “The analysis used radar data and satellite pings to calculate that the plane diverted to the west, across the Malayan peninsula, and then either flew in a northwest direction toward the Bay of Bengal or southwest into the Indian Ocean. ” “There is probably a significant likelihood the plane is on the bottom of the Indian Ocean. ”In fact, on March 14 the Pentagon confirmed that upon request by the Malaysian Government, the USS Kidd destroyer, which has helicopters aboard, will be moved to the western tip of the Malacca Strait where it meets the Andaman Sea, to join the search and rescue effort. Ren Baiming, commentator: "Now the truth has gradually emerged, in fact, the Malaysian government intended to conceal the fact, the firsthand information. "Commentator Ren Baiming indicates that when the international community shifted the search upon the new phase of the missing aircraft, why the CCP media continue to stress the search in the South China Sea is difficult to understand. Chinese netizens commented that the media competition during the Malaysia Airlines incident, the CCP state media has failed.  Almost all of the dry goods were offered by the international media such as New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Reuters, and BBC.  Their reports put pressure on the Malaysia government, and that’s the soft power.  That is the true soft power. Ren Baiming suspects a connection between the MH370 hijacking and the CCP due to the sensitive time the incident took place-- it happened during the CCP congressional meetings, the focus prior to the meetings, Zhou Yongkang’s case and the focus now with the majority of passengers on board being Chinese. The motivation of this hijacking and where the incident will lead are yet to be seen. 