Latest Articles As It Happens Containers have changed the mind of IT in DevOps.  They enable developers to work with dev, test, stage and production environments identically.  Containers provide the right abstraction for microservices and many cloud platforms have integrated them into deployment pipelines.  DevOps and Containers together help companies to achieve their business goals faster and more effectively.  In his session . . .  Containers have changed the mind of IT in DevOps.  They enable developers to work with dev, test, stage and production environments identically.  Containers provide the right abstraction for microservices and many cloud platforms have integrated them into deployment pipelines.  DevOps and Containers together help companies to achieve their business goals faster and more effectively.  In his session . . .  'Tis the season of light.  With Diwali recently concluded, we've now entered the days of the Hannukah Festival, the Advent Season, the Nativity Fast, and in the Philippines, the onset of Simbang Gabi (“Night Mass”), a series of evening services as Christmas approaches.  The Yule log is also burning metaphorically if not literally throughout much of the Western world.  All center on the presence of li. . .  'Tis the season of light.  With Diwali recently concluded, we've now entered the days of the Hannukah Festival, the Advent Season, the Nativity Fast, and in the Philippines, the onset of Simbang Gabi (“Night Mass”), a series of evening services as Christmas approaches.  The Yule log is also burning metaphorically if not literally throughout much of the Western world.  All center on the presence of li. . .  As we approach the next @ThingsExpo, to be held June 9-11 at the Javits Center in New York, my thoughts naturally turn to the Internet of Things.  The IoT is a leviathan—in the best possible sense of the term—that will sweep up most everything in the ocean of data and technology being created today and tomorrow.  But rather than try to grasp all of its possible uses, for today I'm looking at “ju. . .  As we approach the next @ThingsExpo, to be held June 9-11 at the Javits Center in New York, my thoughts naturally turn to the Internet of Things.  The IoT is a leviathan—in the best possible sense of the term—that will sweep up most everything in the ocean of data and technology being created today and tomorrow.  But rather than try to grasp all of its possible uses, for today I'm looking at “ju. . .  Learn how to solve the problem of keeping files in sync between multiple Docker containers.  In his session at 16th Cloud Expo, Aaron Brongersma, Senior Infrastructure Engineer at Modulus, will discuss using rsync, GlusterFS, EBS and Bit Torrent Sync.  He’ll break down the tools that are needed to help create a seamless user experience.  In the end, can we have an environment where we can easily . . .  Learn how to solve the problem of keeping files in sync between multiple Docker containers.  In his session at 16th Cloud Expo, Aaron Brongersma, Senior Infrastructure Engineer at Modulus, will discuss using rsync, GlusterFS, EBS and Bit Torrent Sync.  He’ll break down the tools that are needed to help create a seamless user experience.  In the end, can we have an environment where we can easily . . .  I’ve been thinking a bit about microservices (μServices) recently.  My immediate reaction is to think: “Isn’t this just yet another new term for the same stuff, Web Services->SOA->APIs->Microservices?” Followed shortly by the thought, “well yes it is, but there are some important differences/distinguishing factors. ” Microservices is an evolutionary paradigm born out of the need for simplicity (i. e. . .  I’ve been thinking a bit about microservices (μServices) recently.  My immediate reaction is to think: “Isn’t this just yet another new term for the same stuff, Web Services->SOA->APIs->Microservices?” Followed shortly by the thought, “well yes it is, but there are some important differences/distinguishing factors. ” Microservices is an evolutionary paradigm born out of the need for simplicity (i. e. . .  By popular demand…we’ve just added some new goodness to SPM with the SPM REST API.  This new API lets you: create SPM Apps for monitoring (e. g.  generate a new SPM App + its token during deployment; list all available metrics and charts for a specific App; list all alerts defined for some app (threshold, anomaly or heartbeat); create new alerts (of any type: heartbeat, threshold, anomaly); and enab. . .  By popular demand…we’ve just added some new goodness to SPM with the SPM REST API.  This new API lets you: create SPM Apps for monitoring (e. g.  generate a new SPM App + its token during deployment; list all available metrics and charts for a specific App; list all alerts defined for some app (threshold, anomaly or heartbeat); create new alerts (of any type: heartbeat, threshold, anomaly); and enab. . .  The Three Dimensions of Digital Diversity Enterprise IT shops have long struggled with the dual challenges of homogeneity and heterogeneity.  Homogeneous environments clearly had appeal: single-vendor shops would gain the benefits of working with one point of contact, and perhaps the various applications and infrastructure components would work together as advertised – or perhaps not.  Enterprise IT shops have long struggled with the dual challenges of homogeneity and heterogeneity.  Homogeneous environments clearly had appeal: single-vendor shops would gain the benefits of working with one point of contact, and perhaps the various applications and infrastructure components would work together as advertised – or perhaps not.  Docker is an open platform for developers and sysadmins of distributed applications that enables them to build, ship, and run any app anywhere.  Docker allows applications to run on any platform irrespective of what tools were used to build it making it easy to distribute, test, and run software.  I found this 5 Minute Docker video, which is very helpful when you want to get a quick and digestible o. . .  Docker is an open platform for developers and sysadmins of distributed applications that enables them to build, ship, and run any app anywhere.  Docker allows applications to run on any platform irrespective of what tools were used to build it making it easy to distribute, test, and run software.  I found this 5 Minute Docker video, which is very helpful when you want to get a quick and digestible o. . .  Over on the other side of the fence IT ops are screaming at the various portfolio dev teams for releasing highly risky functionality way too frequently but since the Agile dev adoption production has only had a couple of low priority P4 incidents caused by bad code releases.  Things must be looking good with the new dev process but then a few months down the track BAM a P1 incident the Monday morni. . .  Over on the other side of the fence IT ops are screaming at the various portfolio dev teams for releasing highly risky functionality way too frequently but since the Agile dev adoption production has only had a couple of low priority P4 incidents caused by bad code releases.  Things must be looking good with the new dev process but then a few months down the track BAM a P1 incident the Monday morni. . .  Cisco to Keynote at @ThingsExpo New York Converging digital disruptions is creating a major sea change - Cisco calls this the Internet of Everything (IoE).  IoE is the network connection of People, Process, Data and Things, fueled by Cloud, Mobile, Social, Analytics and Security, and it represents a $19Trillion value-at-stake over the next 10 years.  In her keynote at @ThingsExpo, Manjula Talreja, VP of Cisco Consulting Services, will dis. . .  Converging digital disruptions is creating a major sea change - Cisco calls this the Internet of Everything (IoE).  IoE is the network connection of People, Process, Data and Things, fueled by Cloud, Mobile, Social, Analytics and Security, and it represents a $19Trillion value-at-stake over the next 10 years.  In her keynote at @ThingsExpo, Manjula Talreja, VP of Cisco Consulting Services, will dis. . .  How to Grow Agility through Code Review It has always interested me to see how different development teams treat code reviews.  Some teams see code reviews as crucial to their success while others see them as a barrier to getting things done.  Over time, I've come to the conclusion that the culture around code reviews is an important indicator in predicting outcomes for a team.  I wholeheartedly believe this because I've seen the quality . . .  It has always interested me to see how different development teams treat code reviews.  Some teams see code reviews as crucial to their success while others see them as a barrier to getting things done.  Over time, I've come to the conclusion that the culture around code reviews is an important indicator in predicting outcomes for a team.  I wholeheartedly believe this because I've seen the quality . . .  It's not just apps that are decomposing, it's the network, too.  The network is bifurcating.  On the one side is rock solid reliability founded on the premise of permanence and infrequent change.  On the other is flexibility borne of transience, immutability and rapid change.  There are, by virtue of this change in application architecture from the monolithic to the microservice model, changes neces. . .  It's not just apps that are decomposing, it's the network, too.  The network is bifurcating.  On the one side is rock solid reliability founded on the premise of permanence and infrequent change.  On the other is flexibility borne of transience, immutability and rapid change.  There are, by virtue of this change in application architecture from the monolithic to the microservice model, changes neces. . .  Sites don’t perform at their peak without great performance testers, and it takes time and effort to acquire them.  You want the best in the business, just like any other department at any other company.  But what do they want? What will convince them to join your organization? This post will reveal what great performance testers look for in a company and a few things that your organization can do t. . .  Sites don’t perform at their peak without great performance testers, and it takes time and effort to acquire them.  You want the best in the business, just like any other department at any other company.  But what do they want? What will convince them to join your organization? This post will reveal what great performance testers look for in a company and a few things that your organization can do t. . .  SmartBear Software has released a TestComplete plugin for Jenkins, a popular open source continuous integration tool.  The new TestComplete Jenkins plugin helps simplify and streamline continuous delivery process by making it easy for anyone to automatically execute and report on TestComplete tests through Jenkins.  Customers deploying the new TestComplete Jenkins plugin are able to balance speed of. . .  SmartBear Software has released a TestComplete plugin for Jenkins, a popular open source continuous integration tool.  The new TestComplete Jenkins plugin helps simplify and streamline continuous delivery process by making it easy for anyone to automatically execute and report on TestComplete tests through Jenkins.  Customers deploying the new TestComplete Jenkins plugin are able to balance speed of. . .  Node. js and io. js are increasingly being used to run JavaScript on the server side for many types of applications, such as websites, real-time messaging and controllers for small devices with limited resources.  For DevOps it is crucial to monitor the whole application stack and Node. js is rapidly becoming an important part of the stack in many organizations.  Sematext has historically had a strong . . .  Node. js and io. js are increasingly being used to run JavaScript on the server side for many types of applications, such as websites, real-time messaging and controllers for small devices with limited resources.  For DevOps it is crucial to monitor the whole application stack and Node. js is rapidly becoming an important part of the stack in many organizations.  Sematext has historically had a strong . . .  Ninety percent of 18-34 year olds strongly value a personalized mobile and web experience, and eighty-two percent of of those over 45 years old value personalization.  What kind of personalization? Forty-seven percent of shoppers prefer location or time-based personalization in mobile applications or websites.  In other words, don't show me things that are not available for me to purchase in Bois. . .  Ninety percent of 18-34 year olds strongly value a personalized mobile and web experience, and eighty-two percent of of those over 45 years old value personalization.  What kind of personalization? Forty-seven percent of shoppers prefer location or time-based personalization in mobile applications or websites.  In other words, don't show me things that are not available for me to purchase in Bois. . .  The IoT market is on track to hit $7. 1 trillion in 2020, according to an IDC's study.  Are we ready for this massive demand? How can we deal with the challenges? Some firms choose to take no action by claiming they are too busy with what they are doing.  Some organizations blindly jump into it with no thinking or planning.  Some companies opt to take a bold stance to bet on something immature.  Needl. . .  The IoT market is on track to hit $7. 1 trillion in 2020, according to an IDC's study.  Are we ready for this massive demand? How can we deal with the challenges? Some firms choose to take no action by claiming they are too busy with what they are doing.  Some organizations blindly jump into it with no thinking or planning.  Some companies opt to take a bold stance to bet on something immature.  Needl. . .  How can you compare one technology or tool to its competitors? Usually, there is no objective comparison available.  So how do you know which is better? Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA? Java EE or Spring? C# or Java? All you can usually find is a holy war and biased comparisons on vendor sites.  But luckily, sometimes, you can find a fair comparison.  How does this come to be? By having it co-authored by t. . .  How can you compare one technology or tool to its competitors? Usually, there is no objective comparison available.  So how do you know which is better? Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA? Java EE or Spring? C# or Java? All you can usually find is a holy war and biased comparisons on vendor sites.  But luckily, sometimes, you can find a fair comparison.  How does this come to be? By having it co-authored by t. . .  Microservices Resources You Need in Your Life If you are within a stones throw of the DevOps marketplace you have undoubtably noticed the growing trend in Microservices.  Whether you have been staying up to date with the latest articles and blogs or you just read the definition for the first time, these 5 Microservices Resources You Need In Your Life will guide you through the ins and outs of Microservices in today’s world.  If you are within a stones throw of the DevOps marketplace you have undoubtably noticed the growing trend in Microservices.  Whether you have been staying up to date with the latest articles and blogs or you just read the definition for the first time, these 5 Microservices Resources You Need In Your Life will guide you through the ins and outs of Microservices in today’s world.  With the advent of micro-services, the application design paradigm has undergone a major shift.  The days of developing monolithic applications are over.  We are bringing in the principles (read SOA) hereto the preserve of applications or system integration space into the application development world.  Since the micro-services are consumed within the application, the need of ESB is not there.  The. . .  With the advent of micro-services, the application design paradigm has undergone a major shift.  The days of developing monolithic applications are over.  We are bringing in the principles (read SOA) hereto the preserve of applications or system integration space into the application development world.  Since the micro-services are consumed within the application, the need of ESB is not there.  The. . . 