PUTRAJAYA: Family members of the passengers of Malaysia Airlines (MAS) Flight MH370 who are staying at a hotel, here can possibly be involved in various activities while waiting for news on the latest development regarding the missing flight.   Deputy Director of the Psychology Management Division of the Public Service Department, Dr Abdul Jalil Hassan said among the activities that could be carried out were visits to certain places to allow them to 'rest' their mind.   "So far, no one has taken them out of this area.  But in view of the proximity of the hotel to shopping complexes, some families have gone to the complexes to ease their mind," he told reporters, here today.   Late last night, a Bernama reporter came across a father of one of the passengers who was exiting the hotel's main entrance.   "Going for a drink," he said briefly and one hour later was seen returning to the hotel.   Abdul Jalil said that after eight days of staying at the hotel, they should do something new besides watching television in their hotel room to keep up with current developments.   Meanwhile, Abdul Jalil said the families of the passengers appeared to be more calm after listening to the latest developments in the search and rescue operation for the MH370 from Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak yesterday.    "We are probably seeing the impact from the announcement.  How parents of the people involved in the incident could communicate without feeling sad.  I think this is probably because of the news conveyed.   "Previously, we saw that eight days had gone by without any answer.  But yesterday, we received some answer although not in full.  But that could at least give them some relief," he said.   MAS Flight MH370, carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew, went missing en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing about an hour after taking off from the KL International Airport at 12. 41 am last Saturday. To get more news updates at your fingertips, download the Astro Awani mobile application on the App Store or Google Playstore. 