Despite “unprecedented” pressure to find the missing MH370, Malaysia Airlines’ (MAS) CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya told China’s state-run media today that the loss-making national airline does not skimp on safety measures. Ahmad Jauhari told China Central Television (CCTV) in an interview that MAS spends all it can to ensure its passengers’ safety.  Now that the Boeing 777 flight has been missing for nine days, he also reassured MH370 passengers’ next-of-kin that MAS has disclosed all information and promised they would be the first to know if the plane gets found. “Malaysia Airlines does not compromise on safety.  We will spend whatever is necessary in order to make it a safe operation for our passengers,” said Ahmad Jauhari to CCTV reporter James Chau in Kuala Lumpur. Last month, MAS reported that for 2013, its net losses had ballooned almost three-fold to RM1. 17 billion, compared to a RM433 million loss in 2012.  The national airline last posted full year profits in 2010. Missing since March 8, MH370 had 239 people on board and authorities yesterday said that it had “deliberately” dropped all communications with ground control, an hour after takeoff from KL International Airport (KLIA).  According to the official manifest list, 153 of its passengers were Chinese nationals. Relatives of the missing Chinese passengers had recently fumed that they were kept in the dark by the airlines and investigating authorities and some even threatened to sue. Ahmad Jauhari uged empathy instead, saying that it was “unprecedented” in civil aviation history that an aircraft has gone undetected for seven days straight and that there were now 13 nations working on it.  He assured CCTV that MAS has disclosed everything on its part. “We have shared everything that we know as a company to the next of kin, not only in Beijing but also Malaysia. . .  I don’t think we are hiding anything.  There is no reason to hide anything,” Ahmad Jauhari said in the exclusive interview. And he has this message for angry relatives of missing MAS passengers. “We want to take care of you, that’s our first priority.  Please let us take care of you.  We are sharing whatever information we have. “In fact, we made a commitment that if we locate the aircraft, the next-of kin will be first to be notified, not the media.  We really want to help you,” Ahmad Jauhari said. He also denied that there were any evidence uncovered so far that would throw a negative light on the conduct of the two pilots of MH370. “We do read their voyage reports.  Every pilot will write his reports.  As far as we are concerned there is nothing extraordinary,” Ahmad said. 