The investigation into missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has again turned towards the 227 passengers and 12 crew on board after Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak declared that "deliberate" actions were likely taken to cut off the Boeing 777-200's communication systems. Razak said at a press conference on Saturday, a week after the plane's disappearance en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, that there is a "high degree of certainty that the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) was disabled just before the aircraft reached the east coast of peninsular Malaysia. ""Shortly afterwards, near the border between Malaysian and Vietnamese air traffic control, the aircraft's transponder was switched off," he added, noting that military radar data, which was previously inconclusive, has now confirmed that the plane then flew west back over Malaysia before turning northwest. "We have credible satellite data corroborated with the relevant agencies and there is a strong indication of this westward movement," Razak said. These latest findings mean that the investigation into MH370 is "entering a new phase" as a massive international search operation in the South China Sea — where the plane was believed to have crashed — will be called off, the prime minister said. Despite strong evidence pointing to a hijacking, Razak said authorities are "still investigating all possibilities as to what caused MH370 to deviate from its original flight path. "Earlier, a Malaysian official who spoke under the condition of anonymity said hijacking was no longer just a theory but was "conclusive. " The official added that only a skilled pilot could navigate the plane in the way it was flown after its last confirmed location, most likely to avoid radar detection. Authorities now believe, based on satellite "pings" picked up nearly seven hours after its last communication with ground control, that the plane had either traveled into a northern corridor between the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan to northern Thailand, or a southern corridor from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean. Meanwhile, focus has turned to the senior pilot of the missing flight, 53-year-old Zaharie Ahmad Shah, whose luxury home was reportedly raided by Malaysian police for two hours shortly after Razak's press conference.  Officials denied that Shah was a suspect and said that the pilot was under the same scrutiny as everybody else on board the flight. Malaysia Airlines also downplayed the significance of Shah having a flight simulator built into his home using three large computer monitors and other accessories, saying that "everyone is free to do his own hobby. "Shah, who has more than 18,000 hours of flying experience and whom colleagues describe as a "superb pilot," is a father of three who also served as an examiner authorized by Malaysia's civil aviation authorities to conduct simulator tests for pilots.  As an aviation enthusiast, Shah has posted Facebook photos of himself posing with his remote-controlled aircraft, which include a lightweight twin-engine helicopter and an amphibious aircraft. Media attention was initially on the younger co-pilot, 27-year-old Fariq Abdul Hamid, who had been under scrutiny for allegedly inviting two teenage girls into his cockpit and smoking during a 2011 flight.  Hamid, who has just 2,763 hours of flying experience, is the son of a high ranking civil servant in Malaysia and was contemplating marriage after just graduating to the cockpit of a Boeing 777.  Police were reportedly at his home for 1. 5 hours on Saturday and left with two of his family members. Earlier, investigators had suspected two Iranian men who had boarded flight MH370 with fake passports, though it is now believed they do not have terror links and had been attempting to immigrate illegally to Europe. 