25 countries now involved in plane search - Malaysian officialMalaysia said on Sunday the number of countries involved in efforts to find a missing passenger jet had nearly doubled to 25 as it began a new push to find the plane across a vast arc of land and ocean.  "The number of countries involved in the search and rescue operation has increased from 14 to 25, which brings new challenges of coordination and diplomacy to the search effort," said Hishammuddin Hussein, Malaysia's defence and transport minister. Malaysia's government said Sunday that police had searched the homes of the two pilots of a missing airliner and were examining the captain's home flight simulator, but cautioned it was "normal" procedure.  "Police searched the home of the pilot on Saturday, 15 March," a statement by the transport ministry said. "Police searched the home of the pilot on Saturday, 15 March," a statement by the transport ministry said, referring to Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, 53. "Officers spoke to family members of the pilot and experts are examining the pilot's flight simulator. "The statement added: "On 15 March, the police also searched the home of the co-pilot. "Fariq Abdul Hamid, 27, was co-pilot of Malaysian Airlines Flight 370, which vanished eight days ago, sparking a massive international search across a huge swathe of Asia. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said on Saturday the plane appeared to have been deliberately diverted from its flight path after it dropped off radar.  He said satellites continued to detect it for hours afterwards, an announcement which raised fears of a hijack or rogue action by pilots or crew. The revelation has prompted fresh scrutiny of the two pilots. Zaharie is said to have assembled his own complex flight simulator at home but nothing has emerged to cast suspicion on him. The government statement said engineers who may have had contact with Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 before it took off on March 8 were also part of the probe into the missing jet, but called this "normal procedure" for such an event. "We appeal to the public not to jump to conclusions regarding the police investigation," it said. It reiterated that all crew and passengers on board the flight were being investigated for possible leads.  Nothing that suggests a motive had yet surfaced, it said. The plane disappeared from civilian radar less than an hour into its journey from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Najib also said investigators believe that systems relaying MH370's location to air traffic control were manually switched off before the jet veered westward. An Australian television programme earlier broadcast an interview by a South African woman who alleged that she and a friend were invited into the cockpit of a 2011 flight co-piloted by Fariq, in breach of post-9/11 security rules. The Kuala Lumpur homes of Mr Zaharie and Mr Fariq were searched on Saturday, a senior police officer familiar with the investigation was quoted as saying by Reuters. Nothing has been ruled in or out - so terrorism, piracy or even an elaborate suicide are all options now being considered, the BBC's Jonah Fisher in Kuala Lumpur reports. Mr Zaharie joined Malaysia Airlines more than 30 years ago, and was considered a very experience pilot, while Mr Fariq recently recently graduated to the cockpit of a Boeing 777.  It is believed that he was considering marriage. It was also reported that Mr Fariq had drawn scrutiny after he and another, unnamed pilot invited two female passengers to sit in the cockpit during a flight in 2011, according to the Associated Press. India on Sunday put on hold its search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, at the request of the government in Kuala Lumpur, which wants to reassess the week-old hunt for the Boeing 777 that is now suspected of being hijacked. India had been searching in two areas, one around the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and a second further west in the Bay of Bengal.  Both searches have been suspended, but may resume, defence officials said. "It's more of a pause," said Commander Babu, a spokesman for the country's Eastern Naval Command. "The Malaysian authorities are reassessing the situation.  They will figure whether they need to shift the area of search. "Malaysia's leader said on Saturday that communication systems aboard the missing jet were switched off and its course deliberately altered by someone on board before the aircraft disappeared a week ago.  He stopped short however of saying it had been hijacked. Final satellite communication with the Boeing 777, while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, came more than six-and-a-half hours after it vanished from civilian radar at 1:30am on March 8, Prime Minister Najib Razak told a nationally televised press conference. Movement of the plane in the meantime, during which it changed direction and passed back over the Malaysian peninsula towards the Indian Ocean, was "consistent with deliberate action by someone on the plane," Najib said. "Despite media reports that the plane was hijacked, I wish to be very clear: we are still investigating all possibilities as to what caused MH370 to deviate from its original flight path," he added. Najib said his announcement was based on new information from satellite contact with the plane and military radar data. The combined data suggested "with a high degree of certainty" that the plane's two automated communications systems, the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) and its transponder, were "switched off" one after the other before it reached the point over the South China Sea where it dropped out of civilian radar contact. It then turned back and flew in a westerly direction back over peninsular Malaysia before turning northwest. The last confirmed communication between the plane and a satellite was at 8:11 am, Najib said, adding that investigators were calculating how far the aircraft could have flown after that. So far, experts have located the last point of communication as being inside one of two large geographical corridors: a northern area stretching from the Kazakhstan-Turkmenistan border to northern Thailand, and another in the south from Indonesia to the southern Indian ocean. "This new satellite information has a significant impact on the nature and scope of the search operation," the prime minister said. "We are ending our operations in the South China Sea and reassessing the redeployment of our assets.  We are working with the relevant countries to request all information relevant to the search, including radar data," he added. 