NEW DELHI: As the mystery about the Malaysian airliner deepens, with no trace of the plane and a criminal investigation ordered, Malaysian Premier Najib Razak called Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday evening and requested technical help from India to corroborate the possible paths taken by flight MH370. It is now reasonably certain that the airplane was deliberately diverted.  It was tracked moving westwards towards the Andaman Sea and Indian Ocean by powerful US military radars. In his conversation with Singh, Razak confirmed that they were investigating two possible routes, southern and northern arcs.  In Kuala Lumpur, Indian high commissioner T S Tirumurti and the Indian defence attache attended a meeting with top Malaysian officials to strategize about the future course of the investigation.  Sanjay Bhattacharyya, joint secretary (south) from the foreign ministry has also flown to Kuala Lumpur to attend these meetings. Razak also called Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif with a similar request.  Pakistan is one of the countries which could have been on the flight path of the diverted airplane. Foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said," The PM, while sharing his concern and anxiety about the fate of the aircraft and the well-being of the passengers, assured all possible assistance from the concerned Indian authorities. "Indian security forces on Sunday suspended their search efforts, waiting for fresh instructions from Malaysian authorities.  "The entire operation is on hold for now.  We are awaiting fresh instructions from Malaysia," said Col Harmit Singh, spokesman for India's tri-command in the Andaman & Nicobar Islands. "None of the planes from our air fleet took off today.  Even the Navy vessels involved in search operations have moved to another island," Singh said.  Indian teams are combing two separate areas in Bay of Bengal and Andaman & Nicobar Islands.  The ships and aircraft involved in the search effort have been diverted to the island of Kamorta where India has a naval base. Meanwhile, the Indian security establishment rubbished speculation about the missing airliner being used for a 9/11-type attack in India.  The speculation was fed by a tweet from former US deputy secretary of state Strobe Talbott.  "We have a naval base in the Andamans.  There is no way our military radars would have missed the airliner as it flew over Andaman Sea, as there is high traffic around that time.  It is highly unlikely that the commercial airliner would have flown too low — to escape primary radars that may not detect planes flying below 200 metres — as it would been spotted anyway due to its sheer size and noise," a senior Research and Analysis Wing official told TOI. The official said Talbott's assessment was driven not by hard facts but a loose calculation of the flight path based on satellite coordinates gathered by the search agencies. The investigation is focused on two things — the motive behind what seems to be a hijack, and the possible paths the plane could have taken.  For many Indian defence strategists, the question is whether the plane could have slipped past Indian radars? According to Air Vice Marshal Kapil Kak, this would be unlikely. However, he said, "There are radar gaps in India, particularly in the south-eastern sector, because our threat perception is heavily loaded towards the north and northwest.  This area is not well served by packed radars which are also not switched on all the time.  Having said that, all civilian radars are integrated with military radars which would make it difficult to miss a big aircraft like that. "On the other hand, the person on the flight in charge of the hijack effort (which, some say, could even be the pilot himself) obviously had a very deep understanding of how to avoid radar detection.  He even took the plane up higher, obviously to save fuel. The question everyone is trying to answer is whether the plane managed to land safely in some undetected location, for use later? Or did it crash into the ocean, particularly if it took the southern arc and ended up in south-central Indian Ocean.  The vast stretches of this ocean are the least covered by radar. 