Like many other concerned people in the world, I look forward to the daily press conference by the government on the fate of MH370.  Ever since the tragedy, the world’s media have given breaking news priority to the daily press conference at KLIA.  Needless to say, the country’s image and public relations capability are being tested to the hilt. I do not intend to comment on the shortcomings by the Malaysian authorities in providing clear, concise and consistent answers to grieving kin and anxious journalists.  This has been pointed out in abundance by local and foreign commentators.  I merely want to call upon the Malaysian authorities to kaizen the way the daily press conferences are conducted. Firstly, these PCs address a global audience and the medium of delivery matters.  After the daily statement by the Acting Transport Minister, the questions and answers need to be in English, otherwise, the international media are at a loss and valuable air time is wasted. They would normally voice over a speech by a foreign dignitary in English but when it is a question by the press in Malay, there is an awkward span of time that is not only a waste of valuable air time.  Consequently, this has already resulted in the international media abandoning this ‘live’ slot in their reports of the daily MH370 press conference. The Acting Transport Minister has stated that this unprecedented affair has called for unprecedented moves including the sharing of sensitive military data with the rest of the world.  And in that spirit, the sharing of information at this daily press conference needs to be English so as to be understood by both the grieving multicultural kin of the missing passengers and the international media. And to this end, local journalists ought to be requested to ask questions in English to ensure wide comprehension.  This is not an occasion for breast beating about the sovereignty of the Malay language.  Secondly, the ‘live’ reports of this daily press conference have been frustrated by the fact that the questions by the press are inaudible, again limiting viewers’ comprehension and wasting valuable air time. This lack of professionalism is unacceptable in a country that boasts of having erected one the world’s tallest buildings.  Can we not afford cordless microphones ready to be handed to the journalists so that the world audience can follow the press conference and get to the bottom of this affair?