In one of the most mysterious incidents to have mocked the whole Information Age: technology, modern aviation and the strength of world military forces, no trace of the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 has been found yet. No sign of wreckage has been found either despite a search of approximated total 57 ships and 58 aircrafts from 14 nations in the air and sea search over a time period of one week. In a humble attempt to describe the worthlessness of the Information Age pioneers; how can a Boeing 777 airplane not be located when the available blue-collar technology can facilitate anyone who knows to search on Google to locate almost any place on this Earth? There are bizarre theories such as cyber hackers who may have taken over control of the plane using a mobile phone.  To prove the possibility of this, Dr Sally Leivesley, a British anti-terrorism expert, told the Daily Express that hackers could have changed the plane's speed, altitude and direction by sending signals to its flight management system. As further addition to what are considered as bizarre theories, independent writers have been speculating an 'uncanny resemblance' between the disappearance of MH370 and Pitbull's song lyrics.  The lyrics have 'Now it's off to Malaysia' and 'Two passports, three cities, two countries, one day'.  Writer Christopher Hooton of The Independent news speculates; "Conspiracy theorists have it that the two passports relate to the stolen Austrian Italian passports used by two Iranians to board MH370, the three cities refer to the capital cities of Malaysia, China and Vietnam and the two countries are Malaysia and Vietnam" – ultimately linking this disappearance to the 'Illuminati' who have taken a long break on world conspiracies. Conspiracy theorists are usually the people to connect hijack and sabotage to a disappearance of the nature as that of the Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, but this time the Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak confirmed that communications on board had been deliberately disabled.  Investigators continue to answer the Why's and the Who's. Najib said investigators had a "high degree of certainty" that the plane's Aircraft and Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) had been disabled before the aircraft reached the east coast of Malaysia.  Soon after, someone on board switched off the aircraft's transponder, the device that communicates the plane's location to the civilian air traffic controllers. "These movements are consistent with deliberate action by someone on the plane," he said. "In view of this latest development, the Malaysian authorities have refocused their investigation into the crew and passengers on board. "Allegedly, the revelation’ came when police raided the home of the missing flight's pilot, 53-year-old captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah.  They found that this "aviation tech geek" with 18,365 flight hours under his belt had a flight simulator at his own home, which he happened to have built by himself.  Further research into his background showed him on Youtube videos uploaded by him giving tips to deal with electronic problems at home.  Experts state that whoever disabled the plane's communication systems and then flew the jet must have a high degree of technical knowledge and flying experience.  Doesn’t this statement implicate the "very friendly and safety-conscious" pilot as his colleagues refer to him?Out of the 239 passengers aboard the missing plane; are 153 Chinese citizens, which has led to pressurised exchanges between the two countries.  The Chinese government's Xinhua news agency accused Malaysia of dragging its feet in releasing information. "Given today's technology, the delay smacks of either dereliction of duty or reluctance to share information in a full and timely manner," Xinhua said. Radar tracks show the plane climbing and descending in unusual patterns, which should have alerted air traffic controllers that something was wrong.  This indicates withheld information as the Chinese accusation against Malaysia.  Perhaps whoever was flying the plane had suicidal intent? Most of all, if this did turn out to be a hijacking scenario, then what could possibly be demanded? The world would provide anything even remotely possible in return for even half of the 239 lives that remain in between oblivion and certain dread. The most frightening thought is trying to imagine what the hijackers would WANT.  They have managed a successful hijacking.  They have been successful in catching the world by the throat, with everyone's attention on this most mysterious disappearance.  What remains are their demands: when they would make demands, what the ransom would be, who they are. Some people are steadfast on the point that the plane did not crash.  This means that it is still held captive somewhere.  Others believe that the plane crashed and the debris that is supposed to be found got washed away with the strong Indian Ocean currents and the sharp reefs.  Either way, will the world continue search for the missing plane or will time muffle these voices and this great insult on human evolution be forgotten as "one of those tragedies of life"?