The investigation into the whereabouts of missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 took a dramatic turn yesterday, when the Malaysian Prime Minister revealed "deliberate action" had caused the plane to change course after it lost contact with ground control. While he stopped short of confirming it was a hijacking, investigators are now looking into the backgrounds of all the passengers and crew on board to try and work out if any of them could be responsible for the jet liner's disappearance. No ransom or any other demand has been made. At a packed press conference this morning, authorities gave details of how their incredibly complex investigation is developing, and revealed more about the ongoing search operation, after the focus was shifted west from the South China Sea. Many questions remain unanswered, here's what we learned from this morning's update. The number of countries involved in the search effort has now increased form 14 to 25. Malaysian transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein said that after the investigation entered a new phase yesterday - with the plane now believed to have veered north-west from its flight path - they are currently focused on large tracts of land spanning 11 different countries, as well as deep oceans. Previously, the search had been focused on the shallow waters of the South China Sea. Of those countries involved, Malaysia has requested support including satellite data, radar information, and provisions for ground, sea and aerial searches. As they try to work out why anyone would want to take control of the plane, investigators are looking into the backgrounds of all 227 passengers and 12 crew members who were on board. But they also said today that they are looking at all ground staff who came into contact with the plane too. They are still waiting for some countries to return the results of those background checks, while others have cleared all their passengers. We heard yesterday that the homes of Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and his co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid had been searched by police. In today's press conference police confirmed a flight simulator was found at Captain Shah's home, and has now been dismantled and taken into police custody for further investigation. But asked about reports that the pilot's family had moved out of their house just days before the flight disappeared, police said this was not the case. Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and Fariq Abdul Hamid did not ask to fly together on flight MH370, police confirmed. The plane had been through all the normal technical checks, and was safe to fly. There had been speculation that the plane was loaded with extra fuel, but officials confirmed that the aircraft was carrying only what would normally be needed for a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. They also revealed that they have recreated as much of MH370's journey as possible using a flight simulator. It is possible the plane was on the ground when it sent out some of its final satellite signals, it was revealed. Officials said that so long as the plane had maintained electrical power, it is possible that the satellite "pings" picked up after it lost contact with ground control were sent from land, not in the air. There had been little information about what the plane's cargo may have contained, but authorities said today that after looking at images from the security scans they do not believed any hazardous material was brought on board. Last week we heard that in his final radio communication from the cockpit,  pilot Captain Shah told ground control: "Alright, good night. "But it was revealed today that the plane's ACARS transmission system - which sends digital information to ground control about the plane - had been switched off before that radio message was sent. This suggests that someone was already trying to obscure the plane's position by the time the pilot signed off for the final time. Follow updates on the search for flight MH370 in our live blog. 