The pilot of the missing Malaysian jet was a political fanatic - With media outlets covering different aspects of investigation related to the mysterious disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines plane, the possibility of a hijack seems to be gaining credibility.  Kuala Lumpur - With media outlets covering different aspects of investigation related to the mysterious disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines plane, the possibility of a hijack seems to be gaining credibility.  Anwar Ibrahim, the key opponent to Malaysia’s ruling party, is facing trumped-up charges of homosexuality.  On March 7, Ibrahim was The Mirror Reportedly, the slogan on his T-shirt is dated May 5, 2013, the same date of the country's elections triggered violent protests against alleged poll fraud.  According the Mail, “Police are investigating the possibility that the pilot of missing Flight MH370 hijacked his own aircraft in a bizarre political protest. ” “. . . . that the court decision left Ahmad Shah profoundly upset.  It was against this background that, seven hours later, he took control of a Boeing 777-200 bound for Beijing and carrying 238 passengers and crew,” the report added.  As part of the ongoing investigation, the Malaysian police searched Ahmad Shah’s house in Kuala Lumpur, where they discovered an installed Investigators are scrutinizing the backgrounds, political views, and recent behaviour of the crew and passengers in hopes of unearthing a motive that could explain the plane’s mysterious disappearance.  “Colleagues have described Capt.  Zaharie as an aviation enthusiast who loved to fly and built a flight simulator at home,” the Wall Street Journal Meanwhile Malaysia’s Prime Minister Najib Razak announced yesterday that MH370 was intentionally steered off course after someone switched off its communication system.  It has also come to light that those trackers aboard the plane, which transmit its location to air traffic controllers, were disabled moments after take-off last Friday.  Malaysia’s aviation authorities, based on new data, speculated that the plane’s last satellite communication came from Amid all the confusion and speculations, it is still not clear where the plane was diverted.  The relentless search involved more than 40 ships and 58 aircraft from 15 countries stretching from the South China Sea to the Bay of Bengal in the Indian Ocean.  Amid all the speculation, the Mail Sunday reported that Zaharie Ahmad Shah, the plane's captain, was a "political fanatic. " Just hours before the flight, the captain reportedly attended the controversial trial of Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia’s opposition leader. Anwar Ibrahim, the key opponent to Malaysia’s ruling party, is facing trumped-up charges of homosexuality.  On March 7, Ibrahim was sentenced to five years in jail on sodomy charges.  The indictment of Anwar provoked widespread condemnation across Malaysia. The Mirror reported with a picture of Ahmad Shah in a T-shirt with a slogan “Democracy is Dead” written on it as fears emerge of his alleged involvement in the hijacking of the Malaysian jet as part of an anti-government protest. Reportedly, the slogan on his T-shirt is dated May 5, 2013, the same date of the country's elections triggered violent protests against alleged poll fraud. According the Mail, “Police are investigating the possibility that the pilot of missing Flight MH370 hijacked his own aircraft in a bizarre political protest. ”“. . . . that the court decision left Ahmad Shah profoundly upset.  It was against this background that, seven hours later, he took control of a Boeing 777-200 bound for Beijing and carrying 238 passengers and crew,” the report added. As part of the ongoing investigation, the Malaysian police searched Ahmad Shah’s house in Kuala Lumpur, where they discovered an installed home-made flight simulator .  Reportedly the police spent much of the last week examining two laptops confiscated from Shah’s home.  One of the laptops contained data from the simulator. Investigators are scrutinizing the backgrounds, political views, and recent behaviour of the crew and passengers in hopes of unearthing a motive that could explain the plane’s mysterious disappearance. “Colleagues have described Capt.  Zaharie as an aviation enthusiast who loved to fly and built a flight simulator at home,” the Wall Street Journal reported Meanwhile Malaysia’s Prime Minister Najib Razak announced yesterday that MH370 was intentionally steered off course after someone switched off its communication system. It has also come to light that those trackers aboard the plane, which transmit its location to air traffic controllers, were disabled moments after take-off last Friday. Malaysia’s aviation authorities, based on new data, speculated that the plane’s last satellite communication came from one of two corridors : the first, stretching along the Kazakhstan-Turkmenistan border to northern Thailand, or a second path stretching from Indonesia to the southern Indian surrounding Bay of Bengal. Amid all the confusion and speculations, it is still not clear where the plane was diverted.  The relentless search involved more than 40 ships and 58 aircraft from 15 countries stretching from the South China Sea to the Bay of Bengal in the Indian Ocean. 