Malaysian investigators suspect that the communication system in the missing airliner was deliberately disabled and its transponder switched off before the plane veered from its course and flew for more than seven hours.  Malaysia Prime Minister Najib Razak, who appeared before the media for the first time after a Malaysia Airlines flight went missing, stopped short of saying it was a hijack.  “. . . we are still investigating all possibilities as to what caused MH370 to deviate,” he said. Najib said authorities are now trying to trace the plane across two possible corridors — in the north to the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan, and a southern corridor from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean.  His statement confirmed speculation that the disappearance of the plane was not accidental as the probe will now bring under scrutiny the flight’s crew and passengers. Meanwhile, accepting the possibility of a miss by the Andaman and Nicobar Defence Command, a senior officer said it’s possible that secondary radars may have missed the aircraft, even if it had flown over the islands. “It’s a peace area where radars are switched on and off, according to requirement.  If the Malaysian jet flew over the islands at a certain height with the transponder switched off at a time when the low-level radar system was operational, it is quite possible that it may have gone undetected,” a senior officer of the Andaman and Nicobar Command told the media on Saturday at Port Blair. However, the officer added that it depends on the height the aircraft was flying and the kind of radar system that was operational at that time.  “We checked our radar data but found nothing,” he added.  The officer said that India has been given two specific search areas, which have been almost completely searched by defence aircraft and vessels though there was no trace of the missing airliner. “We are conducting only a surface search in a manner that we don’t have to search those areas again.  We are looking for debris and not using equipment for an underwater search as it is a vast area and needs specific locations,” the officer added. 