More than a dozen countries have been called into study their radar recordings and military satellites by the Malaysian Government to try and discover the whereabouts of the missing plane on Flight MH370, the latest reports on the search now confirm, as countries are asked to put military secrecy aside in the search for the mystery plane. In a militarily sensitive region, the Malaysian Government said during the first week of the search that they were putting their own national security concerns and risks of disclosure of their capabilities to one side as they focused on the search for the missing Boeing 777 – now they have asked their near neighbours and further, to do the same and to scour their radar records and all satellite images including those from secret marine bases and drones to desperately try and find the whereabouts of the mystery airliner. The key areas for technological and satellite reconnaissance is one stretching south towards Indonesia towards the massive Indian ocean where the depths reach nearly four miles and the other direction over Thailand and up towards Turkmenistan and Usbekistan in central Asia.  This northern route travels over some of the most dangerous and unstable region in the world and conceivably  may have provided a potential landing place for the plane which requires a runway of at least 1200m -1600m long. Due to the nature of the satellite which recorded the last ping from the plane they cannot accurately place the whereabout of the plane more than eight hours into the flight and an hour after it was supposed to land in Beijing.  The final signal was recorded at 8. 11a. m.  local time and had been scheduled to land at 6. 30a. m.  in Beijing. The concern is that there is little radar coverage in the Indian Ocean but that is referring to civilian use and not military use which many of the other countries want to keep secret. Eight days after the Boeing-777 vanished without any airspace. In addition to Australia and France, the Malaysian have asked 15 countries including China, Burma, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh and India for help as the Malaysian Prime Minister opened a criminal investigation into the disappearance of the plane. The latest developments include the analysis of the flight simulator at the home of pilot, Zahaire Ahmad Shah, and a second search of his home in a secure compound. 