Malaysia has called for help from 25 countries as the search for missing flight MH370 expands across a vast area of land and ocean, officials have said. An Indonesian search and rescue crew search for flight MH370 during a search in the Andaman Sea (Credit: AFP)The United States, France and China have all been asked for more satellite information to help find the missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet. "The number of countries involved in the search and rescue operation has increased from 14 to 25, which brings new challenges of coordination and diplomacy to the search effort," Malaysia's defence and transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein told a press conference. On Sunday afternoon (local time), Malaysian officials briefed envoys from about 20 countries on progress in the investigation after calling off a search in the South China Sea for the jet that vanished from radar screens more than a week ago with 239 people on board. Although countries have been coordinating individually, the broad, formal request marks a new diplomatic phase in an operation expanding across two hemispheres and overshadowed by mounting Chinese criticism of Malaysian-led search efforts. "The meeting was for us to know exactly what is happening and what sort of help they need.  It is more for them to tell us, 'please put in all your resources'," India's high commissioner to Malaysia TS Tirumurti told Reuters. The search area is huge and has gone from shallow seas to large tracts of land covering 11 countries, as well as deep oceans. Asked if the search for an aircraft in such a vast area could be effective, Mr Hishammuddin acknowledged the size of the task. "It is our hope that parties that can be of assistance to us can come forward and help us to narrow the search to an area that is much more feasible," he said. Malaysia has asked for more ships and spotter planes, especially in the Indian Ocean off the west coast of Australia. Australia's Chief of the Defence Force, General David Hurley, said Malaysian authorities coordinating the search were redirecting some Australian aircraft. General Hurley said one RAAF Orion had begun searching the Indian Ocean to the north and west of the Cocos Islands. A second RAAF Orion will continue to search west of Malaysia. Relatives of an Australian couple on board the missing flight say they do not know what to believe has happened. David Lawton said he hoped the jet carrying his brother and sister-in-law, Bob and Cathy Lawton, was hijacked and did not crash. "I haven't got a clue what is going on, but maybe they have been hijacked and that gives me hope," he said. "In this day and age and with the technology we have, you would think they would be able to find the plane, but no, apparently they can't. "But Mr Lawton says he is not angry with Malaysian officials over their handling of the mystery. "I don't blame anybody for it, I just want to know what their fate was," he said. "I don't know exactly what they [Malaysian officials] are doing and what they are thinking, but I suppose they are doing as much as anybody else, so I have got nothing against anybody. "Former Boeing safety engineer Todd Curtis has told ABC NewsRadio that he believes there are three possible scenarios for what happened to the flight. He says the plane could have been either hijacked by someone outside the airline, inside the airline, or that crew had to deal with an "extraordinary situation". "Either multiple system failures or perhaps dealing with an attempted hijacking," he said. "They did a lot of things that on the surface seem bizarre, nonsensical and completely uncalled for. "But in an extraordinary situation, flight crews in the past have demonstrated both creativity and initiative in order to overcome that problem and I think that one of those three scenarios may have been playing out. "Malaysian police are investigating the personal, political and religious backgrounds of the pilots and crew as they try to work out why someone aboard flew the plane hundreds of miles off course, officials say. On Saturday police searched the homes of both pilots and seized Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah's self-assembled flight simulator. The simulator is being checked by police for any clues. "According to Malaysia Airlines, the pilot and co-pilot did not ask to fly together on MH370," Mr Hishammuddin told Sunday's press conference. Malaysian investigators were still waiting for some countries to send background checks on passengers who were on the missing plane, the country's police chief said. "There are still a few countries yet to respond to our requests," Khalid Abu Bakar said. Investigators believe the plane was diverted by someone who knew how to switch off its communications and tracking systems. "We are not ruling out any sort of motivation at the moment," a senior police official with knowledge of the investigation told Reuters. So far, investigators are not saying if there were any suspicious crew or passengers on board the flight. Several international intelligence agencies have cleared everybody on board, according to investigators. At a news conference on Saturday, Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak said investigators believed somebody steered the plane west, far from its scheduled route. Electronic signals the plane continued to exchange periodically with satellites suggest it could have continued flying for nearly seven hours after being last spotted by Malaysian military radar off the country's north-west coast. The satellite data revealed by Mr Najib suggested the plane could be anywhere in either of two arcs: one stretching from northern Thailand to the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan, or a southern arc heading from Indonesia to the vast southern Indian Ocean. A source familiar with official US assessments said it was thought most likely the plane had headed south into the Indian Ocean, where it would presumably have run out of fuel and crashed.  Air space to the north is much busier, and the plane would likely have been detected. The Indian Ocean is one of the most remote places in the world and also one of the deepest, posing potentially enormous challenges to efforts to find wreckage or the flight voice and data recorders that are the keys to solving the puzzle. 