Pic : google. comIKRAM Premier Consulting Sdn Bhd (IPC), the independent consultant apointed by the government to carry out an assessment on the Kuala Lumpur International Airport 2 (klia2) project, said the new terminal is safe for use and can be opened as scheduled on May 2. However, IPC said in its report small cracks found on apron parking and taxiway at the terminal should be repaired according to guidelines of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). Acting Transport Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein said in a statement yesterday he presented the IPC report to the Cabinet last Friday. The IPC assessment had focused on the safety aspects of the taxiway, apron parking, runway and surrounding areas of the new terminal at Sepang, which will replace the present low-cost terminal nearby. IPC had confirmed that there were no cracks on the terminal's runway, but said there were small cracks on the apron and taxiway. The independent consultant also confirmed that the building structure was in good condition, but found small cracks on some parts of the building structure that needed immediate action. On the surrounding areas, IPC found some areas had experienced depression and needed to be repaired, even though the condition would not affect the safety of users. The Cabinet was told that the second phase of assessment will be conducted on April 14, three weeks before the scheduled opening, to ensure that the safety aspect of the runway, taxiway and parking apron has been improved. It has instructed that the independent consultant report be shared all with airlines that will be operating at the new terminal. "I have instructed the Department of Civil Aviation (DCA) to call all stakeholders, especially the airlines, to a meeting with the consultants. "As a minister responsible in this matter, I shall use my best endeavour to ensure that the safety aspects of klia2 are guaranteed, and is a priority to everyone involved," said Hishammuddin. 