KUALA LUMPUR:Malaysia said today that police had searched the homes of the pilots of a missing jet and examined a home flight simulator after revelations that the flight was deliberately diverted triggered a full-scale criminal probe. As a multi-nation operation began a new push to locate the vanished Boeing-777 somewhere within a vast arc of land and ocean, criminal investigators sought other clues to the fate of the Malaysia Airlines plane.  The transport ministry said police searched the pilots’ homes on Saturday and were examining the captain’s home flight simulator, but cautioned the public “not to jump to conclusions”.  In line with “normal procedure”, police were probing all the missing plane’s 239 passengers and crew, as well as engineers who may have had contact with the aircraft before take-off, the ministry said in a statement.  The police action followed Saturday’s startling revelations that the plane’s communications systems had been manually switched off before the jet veered westward and flew on for hours.  Briefing the press, Prime Minister Najib Razak declined to use the word hijack, but said the new data suggested “deliberate action” by someone on board — raising more perplexing and deeply troubling questions about the plane’s fate.  The scope for speculation is as broad as the new search area that stretches from Kazakhstan to the southern Indian Ocean.  Expert opinion that disabling the communications system required specialist knowledge intensified scrutiny of Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and his First Officer, Fariq Abdul Hamid.  Friends and colleagues of both pilots have testified to their good character, but questions have been raised over the simulator Zaharie installed at home — even though aviation commentators have said this is not uncommon.  Fariq’s record was queried after a woman said he had allowed her and a friend to ride in the cockpit of an earlier flight.  The alternative scenario — that the cockpit was taken over or the pilots coerced — opens a Pandora’s Box of possibilities as to who might be involved and with what motive.  Two passengers who boarded the plane with stolen EU passports have been identified as Iranians by Interpol, who said they were most likely illegal immigrants who did not fit terrorist profiles.  The fact that most of the passengers on board the Beijing-bound flight were Chinese has raised speculation of involvement by militants from China’s Muslim ethnic Uighur minority.  However, security experts warned against reading too much into partial data.  “We still really don’t have a lot of evidence to go on,” said Anthony Brickhouse, a member of the International Society of Air Safety Investigators.  “We don’t have any wreckage, we don’t have the plane itself, we don’t have a lot of electronic data from the aircraft. ”Port Blair: India on Sunday put on hold its search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, at the request of the government in Kuala Lumpur, which wants to reassess the week-old hunt for the Boeing 777 that is suspected of being deliberately flown off course.  India had been combing two areas, one around the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and a second, further west, in the Bay of Bengal.  Both operations have been suspended, but may yet resume, defence officials said.  “It’s more of a pause,” said Commander Babu, a spokesman for the country’s Eastern Naval Command. “The Malaysian authorities are reassessing the situation.  They will figure whether they need to shift the area of search. ” A review of search operations involving more than a dozen countries will be held in Kuala Lumpur on Sunday, Indian officials said.  “The search operation is not over, we are on standby and are awaiting instructions from the Malaysians,” said a senior military official in Port Blair, capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, an archipelago west of the Malay Peninsula. KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia said today the number of countries involved in efforts to find a missing passenger jet had nearly doubled to 25 as it began a new push to find the plane across a vast arc of land and ocean.  “The number of countries involved in the search and rescue operation has increased from 14 to 25, which brings new challenges of coordination and diplomacy to the search effort,” said Hishammuddin Hussein, Malaysia’s defence and transport minister.  Malaysia had said on Saturday satellite data showed Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 could have flown anywhere from Kazakhstan to the southern Indian Ocean after disappearing from civilian radar on March 8.  Hishammuddin told a press conference that Malaysia, which is coordinating the hunt, had briefed representatives from at least 22 countries today and requested their help in a search that has become increasingly daunting.  This includes potentially sensitive military and satellite data from the likes of the United States, China and France.  Asked if any search for an aircraft in such a vast area could be effective, Hishammuddin acknowledged the size of the task.  “It is our hope that parties that can be of assistance to us can come forward and help us to narrow the search to an area that is much more feasible,” he said. 