"The whole incident has been so confusing and there are many theories going around.  I don't know what to believe.  All we can do is hope for the best for the passengers. "MR MELVIN ONG, 43, a construction boss who travels twice a month to Sri Lanka and Bangladesh"I've been following the story every day.  It's quite difficult to fathom how a plane that size with so many passengers disappeared.  It's like the plot of some drama that keeps changing. ""You can never be 100 per cent safe.  Sometimes, we have to work overseas in places which are not very safe.  But if work requires you to travel, you have to go. "MR STEVEN CHIA, 59, who travels every week to countries such as Myanmar, Indonesia and the Philippines to recruit workers"I believe in fate.  But I will take precautions by spending more money to travel on established airlines. "MR ELDWIN CHUA, 37, chief executive of restaurant chain Paradise Dynasty, who travels every week to Hong Kong or Taiwan"The recent news shows there are security lapses and there are some risks that you have to take when you travel. ""The incident is frightening.  So many of us travel and the route the plane took is one that many of us in Asia are familiar with. "DR JESSICA PAN, 30, a university professor who travels monthly to the United States for work"Every week, I have a friend or family member who is travelling.  The incident may be rare but it is also a reminder that it could happen to any of us. "MS SYADINAH ISMAIL, 32, an accountant who travels to Europe every month for work"The Malaysian government has not been transparent and forthcoming with information to the public. "MS TRICIA LIM, 28, a bank executive who travels every two months for work or holidays"I will still fly for my trips no matter what.  This is an isolated incident and the probability of it happening again is close to none. ""I know the chances are slim, but I'd still rather hold out hope that the people on the plane are out there and possibly alive, instead of thinking that they have crashed into the ocean. ""I am definitely more fearful about air travel after this incident.  I don't fly regularly but if I do, I will definitely avoid Malaysia Airlines. ""I think the whole affair was handled quite poorly by the Malaysian authorities.  The information distribution was poor, there were too many contradictory reports and too many rumours being circulated on social media. "