India has pressed pause in its long-running search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. Military officials in Port Blair—the command center for India’s part of the hunt which has expanded to encompass more than 200,000 square kilometers of the Andaman Sea and Indian Ocean—said Sunday that Indian assets involved in the search were effectively standing down and waiting for further instructions. “Air search operations for today put on hold,” said Harmit Singh, spokesman for the Andaman and Nicobar Command headquarters.   “Navy ships (are) remaining off Kamorta (Island).  Coast guard ships to revert to routine surveillance till further notice. ”Indian military officials are calling it a “reappreciation” of the search area.  Ships, some of which are already hundreds of miles from shore, will continue the search but expect to get a new set of coordinates to hunt through once Malaysian authorities come up with a new game plan. Malaysia said Sunday that it was expanding the search to include an even larger part of the globe, including countries ranging from Kazakhstan to Australia.  [Click here to view the official press statement. ]More Indian ships, aircraft and people will be deployed if required, said one military official. “We understand that Malaysia is looking at the whole thing afresh,” said one senior official involved with the operation.  “There is a temporary pause.  We still have our ships out at sea. ”India’s part of in the multinational search and rescue operation had already grown to encompass a massive 250,000 square kilometers. Just Saturday India was ramping up its search efforts by deploying two Boeing Co.  P-8I long-range maritime patrol aircraft of the navy, and one Lockheed Martin Corp.  C-130J aircraft of the air force in the Bay of Bengal. The hunt for clues —which India has dubbed Operation Search Light—includes six ships–three each from the navy and the coast guard.  Warships INS Kesari and INS Saryu were last searching in the Andaman Sea along with coast guard ships Kanaklata Barua and Bhikaji Cama while a third coast guard ship, Sagar, was in the Straits of Malacca. “So far, no sighting or detection has been reported by any of the units,” the navy –which is the lead service in the operation–said in a statement Saturday. It said the navy is continuing to liaison with the operation centers of the Malaysian navy and air force to coordinate the ongoing multinational efforts involving over 14 countries, 45 ships and 60 planes. 