SIMFEROPOL, Ukraine (AP) — Crimea's parliament on Monday declared the region an independent state, after its residents voted overwhelmingly to break off from Ukraine and seek to join Russia. In the same resolution, it said that all Ukrainian state property on the territory of the Black Sea peninsula will be nationalized and become the property of the Crimean Republic. Sunday's referendum is not recognized by the West, and the United States and the European Union are preparing sanctions against Russia, whose troops have been occupying Crimea for several weeks. Crimean lawmakers have asked the United Nations and other nations to recognize it. A delegation of Crimean lawmakers is set to travel to Moscow Monday for negotiations on how to proceed further.  Russian lawmakers have suggested that formally annexing Crimea is just a matter of time. NAMPATKA, Myanmar (AP) — Every morning, more than 100 heroin and opium addicts descend on the graveyard in this northeastern Myanmar village to get high.  When authorities show up, it's for their own quick fix: Soldiers and police roll up the sleeves of their dark green uniforms, seemingly oblivious to passers-by. Nearby, junkies lean on white tombstones, tossing dirty needles and syringes into the dry, golden grass.  Others squat on the ground, sucking from crude pipes fashioned from plastic water bottles. Together with other opium-growing regions of Myanmar, the village of Nampakta has seen an astonishing breakdown of law and order since generals from the former military-run country handed power to a nominally civilian government three years ago. The drug trade — and addiction — is running wild along the jagged frontier.  In this village, roughly half the population uses. "It's all in the open now," Daw Li said at the cemetery, wiping tears from her cheeks.  As she stood before the graves of her two oldest sons, both victims of heroin overdoses, she could see addicts using drugs. KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysia says searches have begun in both the northern and southern corridors of a vast swath of Asia where the missing Malaysia Airlines jet is believed to have ended up. Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein says that Kazakhstan joined the search Monday in the farthest northwest section of the search area.  Earlier Monday, Australia said was taking the lead in searching over the southern Indian Ocean. Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 with 239 people aboard went missing March 8 en route to Beijing.  Investigators say it was deliberately diverted. Malaysian authorities say satellite data shows the plane sent a signal about 7 ½ hours after takeoff — shortly before it would have run out of fuel — from somewhere on a huge arc stretching from Kazakhstan to the southern Indian Ocean. Suicide, allegations of kidnapping leave border agent's family looking for answers