SEPANG (March 16):  Police said they have intensified their examination of  the missing MH370 flight’s passenger list but so far no negative records have been found. “There are a few foreign intelligence agencies which have cleared all passengers,” said Inspector-General of Police Tan Sri Khalid Abu Bakar. Khalid also confirmed that the home of the plane’s pilot, Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah, was raided and a flight stimulator was confisticated for further investigation. “We took possession of a flight stimulator and we have dismantled it from the home and assembled it back in our office,” he told a news conference, adding that experts are currently looking into it. Khalid said the provisions under the Security Offences (Special Measures) Act (Sosma) will apply in the investigations into the disappearance of  the Beijing-bound Malaysia Airlines plane. He said the focus of the prove will continue to centre on possible hijacking, sabotage,  as well as  personal and psychological problems of passengers and crew. “We have classified our investigation under Section 130 (C ) of the Penal Code.  This provides investigation into the offences of hijacking, sabotage, acts of terrorism and all offences under the Aviation Offences Act,” he said. Yesterday, Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak said that the flight’s communication system could have been deliberately turned off. Najib said satellite data showed "with a high degree of certainty" that the communication and reporting system, known as the ACARS, was turned off before the plane reached the east coast of peninsular Malaysia. A short time later the aircraft's transponder was also switched off. Najib  said that search efforts have been refocused and reassessed as the last satellite data indicates that MH370 might be in two geographic corridors. The first covers a vast area that stretches from border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan to northern Thailand, while the second  stretches from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean. The Boeing 777-200ER disappeared on March 8 with 239 people onboard during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. 