Dazu meldet rss. wn. com: Missing liner was low on fuel Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 was close to running out of fuel at the time a satellite picked up its last confirmed signal at 8. 11am on March 8 - seven hours and 31 minutes after take-off.  "It must have been almost flying on fumes," a source in Kuala Lumpur with knowledge of the investigation said.  Airline officials said last week the Boeing 777 with 239 people on board had enough fuel to fly up to eight hours.  Investigators say that because of the imprecise weiterlesen . . . Dazu berichtet rss. wn. com weiter: 3 pieces of evidence point to jet's takeover There are three pieces of evidence that aviation safety experts say make it clear the missing Malaysia Airlines jet was taken over by someone who was knowledgeable about how the plane worked.  TRANSPONDER One clue is that the plane's transponder — a signal system that identifies the plane to radar — was shut off about an hour into the flight.  In order to do that, someone in the cockpit would have to turn a knob with multiple weiterlesen . . . rss. wn. com schreibt weiter: Missing Malaysia plane inquiry focuses on the 239 on board BEIJING — Like an Agatha Christie whodunit, the investigation of the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is now focusing on a finite circle of suspects: the 227 passengers and 12 crew members of the missing plane.  While loath to call it a hijacking, Malaysian officials say they believe someone on the plane with expertise in the navigational and communications systems of the Boeing 777 diverted it from its Kuala weiterlesen . . . Dazu meldet yahoo. com: 3 pieces of evidence point to jet's takeover There are three pieces of evidence that aviation safety experts say make it clear the missing Malaysia Airlines jet was taken over by someone who was knowledgeable about how the plane worked.  TRANSPONDER weiterlesen . . . Dazu meldet rss. wn. com weiter: Experts: Malaysia hurts Jet search The investigation into the mysterious disappearance of a Malaysian Airlines passenger jet has been hindered by the Malaysian government’s lack of sophisticated technology and its reluctance to share critical information about the flight of the plane that is now the subject of an unprecedented search that stretches from the southern tip of the Indian Ocean to Kazakhstan, aviation experts said.  Government officials behind the much-maligned Malaysian search weiterlesen . . . 