Pic:BernamaTHE Women, Family and Community Development Ministry has yet to decide whether to take the children of the Malaysian couple jailed for child abuse to Sweden. Its minister, Datuk Seri Rohani Abdul Karim, said the priority was to ensure the well-being of the children and ensure that they were not depressed with the verdict instead of taking them to Sweden to see their parents. “Thank God, it’s over.  The parents are glad that their children are with their family here.  In fact, this is what the parents had requested.  So let’s not go overboard yet. “We are going to give the children intensive counselling so that they will not blame themselves (for their parents’ plight). ”She spoke to reporters after launching the RM50 million Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad’s corporate social responsibility programme in conjunction with its 90th anniversary here yesterday. On Friday, the Swedish court ordered Azizul Raheem Awalluddin, 38, who is in Sweden as a Tourism Malaysia director, and his wife Shalwati Norshal, 46, to prison and pay damages to their 4 children for abusing them. Azizul will serve a 10-month sentence for gross violation of the integrity of his eldest son and for assault of his daughter and second oldest son.  Shalwati, a teacher on long leave, was sentenced to 14 months jail for similar offences. The court also ordered Shalwati and Azizul to pay compensation to their children in the sum of 67,200 krona (RM33,900) and 36,400 krona (RM18,362) respectively. The children, Aisyah, 15, Ammar, 12, Adam, 11, and Arif, 7, are being looked after by Shalwati’s sister, Shaleena, 43, a teacher, who was given custody, in Kampung Bukit Tanah, Peringat, Kelantan. Shaleena said she and other family members often reminded the children that what had happened to their parents was not their faults, but rather the Swedish law. “We do not want them to feel guilty because it will have a negative impact on their future. “They are getting used to the local environment and are already speaking in Malay,” she said, adding that the children would stay with her until the situation was resolved. She thanked the Malaysian Embassy in Stockholm for assisting her and the family. 