As the search for the wreckage of the crashed Malaysian jet in the Indian Ocean failed to yield any breakthrough, anguished relatives of Chinese passengers aboard the ill-fated plane today demanded that Malaysia must apologise for its misleading statements. Possible debris sightings by Chinese, Australian and New Zealand military planes did not yield any solid clues in one the most baffling mysteries, compounding the frustration of families who have been waiting more than three weeks to get detailed and confirmed information on the 239 missing passengers on board Flight MH370. The search for the Malaysia Airlines jet entered the 22nd day today with 10 aircraft and eight ships tasked to scour the Indian Ocean, after early sightings in the new search zone drew a blank. Some 29 family members from China arrived in Kuala Lumpur and held a news conference at their hotel, imploring officials to be more transparent. "We want evidence, we want truth and we want our family," said Jiang Hui, the families' designated representative.  The crowd chanted the same words. He also asked Malaysia to apologise for releasing confusing information and for announcing on March 24 that the plane had crashed without "direct evidence". Meanwhile, eight planes and a number of ships scoured some 252,000 square kilometres of water yesterday for signs of the plane, with aircraft reporting sightings of objects similar to those reported on Friday, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) said. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott described the "intensifying search effort" as positive because objects "have been recovered from the ocean". A Chinese and an Australian ship failed to identify debris from the missing plane after their first day in the new search area about 1,850 km west of Perth. Chinese patrol ship Haixun 01 and Australia's HMAS Success both retrieved objects but none was confirmed to be from flight MH370 that went missing over three weeks ago, AMSA said. The Australian navy ship given the job of finding the black box recorder of flight MH370 is preparing to leave Perth to join search operations. The towed pinger locater on the Ocean Shield has a range of 1. 6km and depth capability up to 6,000m. An unmanned US underwater drone will also be on board, ready to dive once the pinger locater has found a signal to map the sea floor and photograph potential debris there. "Finding the black box flight recorder of the missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet is simply untenable as things stand at the moment,"