Tony Abbott has praised international efforts in the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane after a joint agency co-ordination centre was appointed to oversee the operation. Since the plane’s flight paths were identified and satellite images have picked up what could be debris, searches have focused on the southern Indian Ocean west and south-west of Perth.  Malaysian authorities announced last week that it was believed the plane had been lost in the ocean, claiming the lives of all passengers on board. Speaking at a joint press conference in Perth on Monday with the deputy prime minister, Warren Truss, the defence minister, David Johnston, and the joint agency co-ordinator, Angus Houston, the prime minister said a significant international task force was focusing on the search operations. “It’s been tremendous to see the international co-operation here.  We have regular military co-operation with the United States, New Zealand and Malaysia, but to see also the co-operation with us from China, from Japan, from Korea is really heartening and it demonstrates that in a humanitarian cause the nations of this region can come together for the betterment of humanity,” he said. Houston, a retired air chief marshal, stressed that the role of the co-ordination centre was not to run “detailed operational” matters, but to oversee national and international events. “My job will be to head up the joint agency co-ordination centre.  I will be co-ordinating at the international level, at the national level and of course, most importantly, with the families and the media,” he said. “I will obviously be focused very much on co-ordination.  I’m not here to run the search; I’m not here to do the detailed operational stuff that is being taken care of very professionally by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (Amsa) and the defence force. ”More than 100 people were in the air over the site, Johnston said.  An update from Amsa on Monday said there were 10 aircraft involved in the search and 10 ships. Despite satellite images and multiple visual sightings of objects that could be debris, authorities have yet to confirm any are related to the plane.  Poor weather conditions have continued to disrupt the search operations. 