Tuesday, after Malaysian Prime Minister announced the plane crashed in the southern Indian Ocean, relatives of the Chinese passengers in grief and anger protested to the Malaysian Embassy.  The Communist police were guarding near the embassy and the relatives were under tight monitoring, as reported by international media on Wednesday. In the past few days, with the ongoing search for the missing aircraft, relatives of the Chinese passengers continued to swing between grief and anger.  At a Beijing hotel where many of them have been staying, some distraught relatives collapsed and were sent to hospital. On Tuesday, many family members angrily defied police admonishments and marched to the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing earlier this week.  Wearing white T-shirts emblazoned with "Pray for MH370," they shouted their demand for "evidence" the airliner ended its journey in the southern Indian Ocean, and called theMalaysians "liars," accusing the authorities in Kuala Lumpur of withholding information, reported CNN. Taiwan's China Times reported that the police set up roadblocks in an intersection near the embassy.  The conflict erupted; family members successfully broke the blockade. CNN reported, “The protest, rare in a country that bans unsanctioned mass gatherings, seemed spontaneous,” according to one anonymous official, "The police were told to block them but to let them through if they breached the police line," he said.  "They were told to show restraint. "Washington Post also reported that among the crowd, “several people appeared to be Chinese government agents in plain clothes whose mission seemed to be not only to guide the protest but also to keep it under control. ”Analysts believe that the anger of the crowd has put pressure on the Chinese government. The Times reported that the regime has increased the surveillance of the relatives.  Police officers entered the Metropark Lido hotel where around 300 relatives had gathered. This sudden increase in the police force reflected the worry of the regime that the anger will continue from Tuesday.  Some relatives pointed out that the anger was at first to the Malaysian government and the Malaysia Airlines, but now the voice has shifted to the Communist regime. One insider told NTD TV that after the protest at the Malaysian Embassy on Tuesday, the CCP regime dispatched police to station at the embassy the next day and the hotel where the relatives stay, forbidding any other person to enter. Insider in Beijing said that now there are a large number of police and security in the hotel, but the relatives were absent from the hotel lobby. Insider in Beijing: "There are very few people around now.  They might have been restricted inside the hotel rooms.  Around 50 reporters are at the Lido Place.  There are many police.  Around 7 or 8 police are at each entrance of the hotel.  There are also plainclothes. "At a distance of 50 meters away from the Malaysian Embassy, there are at least 100 police cars and around 500 police stationed around the embassy.  No one is allowed to enter the embassy. Insider: "Both sides of the street are packed with police for dozens of meters.  There’s no passerby in front of the Malaysian embassy.  There have never been so many police there.  There are at least 100 police cars and few hundreds of police.  The police are everywhere, including by the U. S.  Embassy"Freescale Semiconductor China Ltd.  is probably losing most of its employees in the missing MH370.  It is said that more than 20 employees boarded the MH370.  Hong Kong newspaper Wen Wei Po reporter tried to interview the company in Tianjin.  But the guard turned down the request and indicated the company has declined any interview. The reporter waited outside of the company and interviewed people in and out of the company.  But everyone responded the same: Unaware of the situation, the leaders have warned not to talk.  The last one said, “I don’t want trouble. ”Wen Wei Po reported that Chinese are the victims of this world disaster.  However, why is the response of the regime so similar to the responsible party? Why does the regime keep the simple fact about the exact number and names of the victims as secrets? Who are they trying to cover up for in regard to the facts that should not be covered up?