The mystery continues to darken for flight 370 as the debris field that marked the most optimistic clues to finding Malaysia’s missing aircraft turns up trash.  With a rescue team of nine aircraft and eight ships, the first suspected materials were retrieved after an exhaustive search.  Once the debris was discovered the team analyzing the items found them to be nothing more than sea trash from fishing vessels and flotsam.  The original satellite discovery of the debris field led the Malaysian government to announce that missing Flight 370 had indeed crashed in the Indian Ocean.  Texting friends and families of those on board just before a worldwide press conference, the Prime Minister of Malaysia announced that indeed, “the crew and passengers will never return. ” There is no word from Malaysian authorities if they will walk back any of the theories as to the whereabouts of the missing aircraft.  What is confirmed is that the mystery of Flight 370 continues to widen. The gut wrenching discovery in the nearly 98 thousand square mile search continues to haunt search and rescue teams hoping to finally bring some sort of closure to heartbroken loved ones.  The friends and families of all onboard the missing aircraft have been subjected to intense scrutiny and suspicion.  The homes of both cockpit crew members have been searched and several data sources confiscated, including a flight simulator and data box from the home of Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah.  As the FBI continues to extract data from the digital media files and hard drives, a U. S.  official speaking on condition of anonymity said, “no smoking gun has emerged. ” With nothing sinister discovered within the data sources; many authorities believe this is yet another dead-end. Rumors continue to flourish all over the world about the passengers on the mystery flight 370.  Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad and Delavar Seyed Mohammadreza were both traveling on stolen passports.  As a buzz was created amongst conspiracy theorists, officials were quick to quell the suspicions of the two when they discovered they were simply escaping their homelands in search of a better life.  Dr Yuchen Li, who recently finished his doctoral engineering degree from Cambridge University, was suspect for a very short time after officials insisted that whatever happened to the plane was done by someone with a technical background.  Suspicions of 20 Texas engineering contractors, who were all on the same flight, raised suspicions by some.  Yet the most speculated of conspiracy theories stems from four members of a semiconductor patent team who were on board the flight while the fifth, and now suspected sole owner of the patent, is safely at home.  The conspiracy names billionaire Jacob Rothschild, an Illuminati member, as an alleged plotter looking to claim title over an extremely valuable patent.  All leads have been analyzed by the world’s most prominent agencies making this the most comprehensive joint effort by the international community in aviation history. Location data for the missing Malaysia Flight 370 continues to change as reanalysed data provides new possibilities.  Officials with the Australian Maritime Safety Authority no longer label this mission as looking for a needle in a haystack, but rather looking for a haystack in an ocean of haystacks with a needle in it.   Time is quickly running out for search teams as the beacon on the missing black boxes will only transmit signals for 30 days.  As the deadline quickly approaches even the most sophisticated equipment has yet to find a single ping.  Once any debris has been confirmed to be that of Malaysia flight 370, authorities will make arrangements for loved ones to travel to Perth, Australia to be briefed of the findings.  As the mystery of flight 370 continues the experts are becoming more desperate for answers. 