KOTA KINABALU: DAP Sabah yesterday challenged Barisan Nasional (BN) parliamentarians to table a motion in the ongoing parliament to discuss the calls to increase the oil royalty to 20 per cent for Sabah. The opposition party is of the opinion that if BN is really sincere on this issue, representatives in parliament should take this stance and take the initiative to table this motion in parliament. Its Kota Kinabalu member of parliament, Jimmy Wong, said it should be pushed by all Sabahan politicians regardless of their political stand. “If BN representatives dare to table this motion in parliament, I believe Pakatan Rakyat (PR) representatives will undoubtedly support it for the sake of Sabah.  It is also our responsibility to restore and honour the promises which were written in the Malaysia Agreement and 20 Points,” he said in a statement yesterday. He was commenting on a statement by the youth wings of the Parti Bersatu Sabah (PBS), Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah and United Pasokmomogun Kadzandusun Murut Organisation which suggested that the Federal Government increase the oil royalty to Sabah by 20 percent. Wong slammed the federal government for repeatedly ignoring  calls to discuss issues and concerns in Sabah.  For instance, in an earlier parliament sitting, he and his PR colleagues, Sandakan member of parliament Stephen Wong and Penampang member of parliament Darell Leiking had tabled numerous motions in the house of representatives to review the Malaysian Agreement and also to review the issue of blackouts and electricity shortage in Sabah.  Somehow the motions were rejected, citing reasons that they were of no urgency to be debated. Wong who is also DAP Sabah chairman, reminded politicians and the public that the call to fight for the 20 per cent oil royalty had been the main agenda of Pakatan Rakyat as well as the ‘Buku Jingga’. “It shows that PR is fully committed in this policy and we are consistent in fighting for this noble cause,” he said. “Therefore, if BN would table this motion in parliament and urge the federal government to review the oil royalty for Sabah, I would second the motion and let it be the best example to show national reconciliation to fight for the common interest of Sabahans to strive for the betterment of Sabah,” Wong stressed. The parliamentary sitting will be on until April 10. Wong expressed hope that BN leaders would not simply make the call and talk without carrying out any actions. He said PBS chairman Tan Sri Pairin Kitingan should understand the situation and problems faced by Sabah.  Without greater power decentralised from the federal government, without a bigger budget for the state government, it would be very difficult to uplift the current Sabah infrastructure and economy which are seriously lacking now. Therefore, as a senior parliamentarian, he urged Pairin to take the lead to do Sabahans a favour and represent BN to table this motion to increase the oil royalty payment to the Sabah state government. Sabah Umno Liaison Committee deputy chief Datuk Seri Dr Salleh Said Keruak has also urged the federal government to seriously consider requests from young Sabahans for an immediate review of the Sabah oil royalty. He said the review was necessary and timely, in view of the mounting calls, including those from BN leaders in the state, for a hike in oil royalty. Wong also asked Chief Minister Datuk Seri Panglima Musa Aman, who is also Sabah BN chairman, to state his stand on the oil royalty increase. “Will he back the call made by his own BN youth wings and his deputy in Umno? Will he bring this issue into the Chief Ministers meeting with the Prime Minister?“I am awaiting for the BN representatives, particularly Tan Sri Pairin, to raise this issue and bring this motion in parliament.  Hopefully they will walk the talk and we are ready to show our support to make it happen,” he said. 