Relatives of passengers on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 leaving after attending a briefing at a hotel in Subang Jaya today.  About 35 family members are in Malaysia to seek answers as the search for the missing Boeing 777 enters its fourth week.  – The Malaysian Insider pic by Najjua Zulkefli, March 30, 2014. Dozens of Chinese relatives of those on board the missing flight MH370 arrived in Kuala Lumpur today to demand answers from Putrajaya about the fate of the missing plane. "We have demanded (a meeting) with the prime minister and the transport minister," Wang Chunjiang, whose younger brother was on flight 370, told the BBC. "We have questions that we would like to ask them in person. "It is understood that about 35 family members arrived this morning and held a two-hour closed-door meeting with the Chinese consul in Malaysia, Liu Peng Xiang. The relatives are staying in a hotel in Subang Jaya.  The trip to Kuala Lumpur was arranged by Malaysia Airlines at the families’ request, with more relatives from Beijing scheduled to arrive later. About 20 of them later stormed the media room of the hotel where they were staying, carrying banners demanding Putrajaya return their missing relatives. "We want them to apologise for giving us ambiguous answers.  We also demand an official apology from the Malaysian prime minister for saying that the plane ended in Indian Ocean. “It was a very irresponsible of him as there was no proof of that," said a spokesperson for the families, identified as Kong, today at the hotel in Subang Jaya. He said a high-level team from Malaysia that had been briefing families in Beijing was inefficient and did not disclose the truth. Another person named Jiang said: “We want evidence, we want the truth, and we want our relatives. ”Jiang, whose mother was on board the plane, told the Sydney Morning Herald that “in Beijing, we aren’t getting any information. ”Putrajaya has come under strong criticism from China, home to two-thirds of the 227 passengers, where relatives of the missing have accused the government of "delays and deception". More than 20 Chinese relatives staged a brief protest yesterday outside the Lido Hotel in Beijing where families have been staying for the past three weeks, demanding evidence of the plane's fate. The peaceful protest came just days after dozens of angry relatives clashed with police after trying to storm the Malaysian embassy. Many of yesterday's protesters carried slogans demanding the "truth" about their lost loved ones, reports Reuters. "They don't have any direct evidence," said Steve Wang, who had a relative on the flight.  "(Their conclusion) is only based on mathematical (analysis) and they used an uncertain mathematical model.  Then they come to the conclusion that our relatives are all gone. "Acting Transport Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein said Malaysia was committed to seeing the investigation through to its final conclusion. "What they want from us is a commitment to continue the search, and that I have given, not only on behalf of the Malaysian government but the so many nations involved," he told reporters in Kuala Lumpur after speaking with families yesterday. The Boeing 777-200ER (9M-MRO) disappeared from radar at 1. 40am en route to Beijing on March 8.  It was carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew members. Meanwhile, 10 ships and as many aircraft searched a swathe of the Indian Ocean west of Perth today, trying again to find some trace of missing flight MH370 after more than three weeks of fruitless and frustrating hunting. Numerous objects have been spotted in the two days since Australian authorities moved the search 1,100km after new analysis of radar and satellite data concluded the Boeing 777 travelled faster and for a shorter distance after vanishing from civilian radar screens on March 8. However, none has been confirmed as coming from flight MH370 and time is running out to find any debris, work out a likely crash zone and recover the aircraft's "black box" voice and data recorders before batteries pinging their location die.  – March 30, 2014. 