KOTA BAHARU, March 30 — The High Court here today ordered an Indonesian maid to defend herself on a charge of murdering her employer four years ago. Justice Datuk Ahmad Zaidi Ibrahim made the decision after finding there was a prima facie to connect the accused, Wilfrida Soik, 20, to the charge. “After listening to all the arguments from the police, public and medical experts which I have comprehensively scrutinised through the prosecution witnesses, I find the prosecutors have succeeded in creating a prima facie on the case. “The accused must be called to defend herself,” he said after making the decision at the end of the prosecution case. The prosecution had called 26 witnesses during the duration of the proceedings prior to this. Counsel for the accused Tan Sri Muhammad Shafee Abdullah then applied to the court to allow his client to use an interpreter because Wilfrida did not understand Bahasa Malaysia and English well. Muhammad Shafee said his client would testify from the dock during the defence proceedings. Testifying later, Wilfrida claimed she cheated on her age to enter Malaysia to enable her to work and when the incident took place she was only 16. Wilfrida, who could not read nor write, also claimed that she ran away from her village to come to Malaysia because her family was against the idea of her working here. She said that during her stay at he employers’ house she was abused mentally and physically until she went out of control but claimed she did not remember how her employer was killed during the incident. Another witness, Johor Baharu Hospital Permai’s Forensic Psychiatrist Consultant, Dr Bada’iah Yahya when testifying said schedular examination found the accused had a very low IQ compared to her age at the hospital. She said the epilepsy suffered by Wilfrida could also cause her to go out of control. “Wilfrida is incapable of processing any problem and settling it,” she said. Wilfrida was charged with killing Yeap Seok Pen, 60, at a house in KampungChabang Empat Tok Uban, Pasir Mas between 11am and 12. 30pm in Dec 7, 2010. Wilfrida, whom during the incident had only worked at the house for two weeks, was charged with using a sharp weapon to cause serious injury on the victim’s face causing her death under Section 302 of the Penal Code which provides for the mandatory death sentence. The prosecution was conducted by Deputy Public Prosecutor Julia Ibrahim. The proceedings will continue for three days from Tuesday.  — Bernama