Despite the surrounding circumstances, security and immigration checks at Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) still lack that much-needed alertness. I JUST returned from a five-day trip in Perth, Australia late Friday, which partly explains the late submission of this week’s column to the editors. As expected, the mood among travellers on board the aircraft was sombre — you could sense that the tragedy of MH370 was on everyone’s mind. Apparently there was no heightened alertness amongst the security and immigration personnel at KLIA despite what had happened.  Even Singapore’s Changi Airport announced that it was stepping up security checks. Being the busybody that I am, I pointed out to the Malaysian security and immigration people that they must ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS verify the photo in the passport with the face of the person holding it. But no, none of them did.  They just checked the name on the passport with that on the boarding pass. Well. . . except for one officer at KLIA transit immigration control who looked at me twice to compare my face with the photo on my passport. He should get the Employee of the Month award!The rest just seemed visibly annoyed at me.  Worse still, they continued doing what they had been doing all along. Hello! I could hold Brad Pitt’s passport and a boarding pass bearing his name and they would just let me through.  Heck, I could have Angelina Jolie’s and still be let in without much fuss!Don’t laugh at this.  There was this one incident where husband and wife travelling together mixed up their passports and still, they got through. How about in Australia? Airport checks there are as stringent as ever.  The personnel always engage in conversation with you, not just because they’re friendly but it’s their way to identify you as per your particulars on your passport. As I have always said — get the basic things right, and we will not have to endure so much ridicule and criticism over the unfortunate loss of MH370. We could not have done more in our search and rescue efforts, given the circumstances and availability of resources. Nevertheless I cannot say the same for some ministers (not acting Transport Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein) who had the propensity to shoot from the hips and continued to embarrass us. For example, the claim that the Malaysian Air Force did not challenge the unidentified object (most likely to be MH370) that flew west after turning back all the way along the border with Thailand until it passed Penang, where we had an airbase right in the middle of Butterworth. In an obvious attempt to defend (pardon the pun) itself, the Defence Ministry said it assumed that the aircraft turned back at the directive of the civilian control tower. If so, why did it not call the control tower to verify?The ministry later withdrew the statement, but shouldn’t it think about the matter in the first place?I reject the wild accusations of relatives of the Chinese passengers on board the ill-fated flight, which were uncalled for.  Their anguish is certainly not an excuse for such uncouth and unruly behaviour. They had accused us of withholding information.  Seriously, what is there to hide? Are they telling us that we are purposely hiding the plane somewhere?Their hypocrisy was for all to see when they criticised Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak when he announced that MH370 had unfortunately “ended” in the south of the Indian Ocean. Najib did this in the name of transparency, following their demand for the authorities to divulge all information as quickly as possible. As it turned out immediately after that, they again criticised us for not getting the physical evidence that the plane could have crashed before making that announcement!Dammed if we do; dammed if we don’t!I must take the Chinese government to task for seemingly flaming the situation further by making public demands for us to reveal all information. This is in stark contrast to China’s own history of secretiveness during disasters, such as the 2008 Sichuan earthquake, some analysts have said. The Chinese Premier Li Keqiang had asked Najib to provide details about the missing flight “in a timely, accurate and comprehensive manner”. The call followed more than a week’s worth of scathing editorials in China’s state-run media demanding greater openness from Kuala Lumpur and Malaysia Airlines. “Unless transparency is ensured, the huge international search operation can never be as fruitful as we hope and expect.  When faced with a catastrophe, honesty is human beings’ best solution to finding a chance to prevent tragedies happening again,” read one of several commentaries by China’s news agency Xinhua. Yet at one of Chinese Foreign Ministry’s press briefings, spokesman Hong Lei declined to provide details when faced with a series of questions regarding China’s role in the search. Could the people’s republic rule out the possibility of the missing aircraft entering its airspace?Was any of its 153 passengers on board being investigated?Were there searches being conducted in the restive western regions of Tibet and Xinjiang, where the aircraft could have flown as suggested by satellite data?The Chinese authorities last week released to public satellite photographs of three floating objects they said could have been related to the missing flight, but offered no explanation on them. The Chinese media had been instructed to follow Xinhua’s lead.  The International Federation of Journalists said in a statement: “It is deeply regrettable that Chinese authorities continue to use methods such as this to control the flow of much-needed information, particularly for those desperately awaiting updates on the investigation. ”As such I fully support Hishamuddin’s statement that Malaysia would not reveal any information just to appease the anger of relatives of Chinese nationals on board flight MH370. As empathic as he was, he explained that the Chinese were not the only ones who had lost loved ones. “I fully understand.  I have children, I have brothers — I can imagine what they’re going through. “Malaysians and those in 14 other nations, have also lost family members. ”“It is important for them not to listen to all the speculative information and let emotions run high. ”Very well said, I must say. > Comments are welcome via gs@sbeu. org. my. > The views expressed are entirely the writer's own. 