Millions of people in Selangor and Kuala Lumpur have been hit with a water rationing exercise following prolonged dry spell.  – The Malaysian Insider pic, March 30, 2014. With even the wettest place in the country hit with water rationing, the Penang state government is now reconsidering its decision not to carry out water rationing following a nationwide dry spell. Penang Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng, who also chairs Penang Water Supply Corporation, said the state will rethink its decision at its weekly meeting, after it was announced that consumers in Taiping, Perak will see dry taps beginning this Thursday. "I was shocked to learn that the Perak government will impose water rationing for the first time ever in Taiping, the wettest town in Malaysia next week.  This shows that Malaysia is facing the most severe drought in 15 years. "I had previously announced that there will be no water rationing in Penang but a review will be done by the state exco to determine if our existing stocks of water supplies and water reserves will be enough for April. "We will decide if there is need to also impose water rationing here," he said today. Penang had previously said it had sufficient water supply. Lim also expressed concern that consumption of water in the state was on the rise despite the campaign to educate the public on conserving water, as well as imposition of water conservation surcharges to penalise those who waste water. Penang recorded the highest water consumption in the country last year, at 295 cubic metres (cu) per person per day.  For the first two months of this year, the figure went up 5. 4% to 311 cu.  litres. "We have been urging consumers to conserve water because our water consumption is now nearly 50% higher than the national average of 215 cu.  litres per person per day. "Our water resources and reserves can be extended by another 50% if we conserve water and use the same amount as the national average," he said. In Taiping, water rationing exercise will affect some 28,000 of the total 85,000 water account holders for two weeks from April 3. Perak Public Facilities, Infrastructure, Energy and Water Committee chairman Datuk Zainol Fadzi Paharuddin said the state had to resort to water rationing for the first time due to the dwindling water supply following the prolonged dry spell. Last Friday, he said water level at the Headwood Taiping water treatment plant had dropped to a critical level.  – March 30, 2014. 