The crew of an Australian P-3 Orion saw at least four orange objects that were more than six feet in length on Sunday. The plane's pilot Flight Lt Russell Adams, dubbed the sighting their most promising lead in the search for the Boeing 777. But on Monday, Australian Maritime Safety Authority spokesman Jesse Platts said an analysis confirmed the objects "have nothing to do with the missing flight. "It is the latest disappointment in the hunt for the plane, which vanished while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8 with 239 people aboard. Search crews have repeatedly spotted multiple objects floating in the search area of the southern Indian Ocean, only for officials to later rule out links to the missing plane. A sophisticated black box locator and underwater drone cannot be used until "conclusive visual evidence" of debris is found, U. S.  Navy spokesman Commander William Marks warned today. If no location is found, searchers would have to use sonar to methodically map the bottom of the ocean. "That is an incredibly long process to go through.  It is possible, but it could take quite a while," he told CBS's 'Face the Nation'. Time is running out because the signal transmitted by the black box will die about 30 days after a crash due to limited battery life, leaving investigators with a vastly more difficult task. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said that all hope is lost for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, but pledged that the search would go on for as long as possible. Speaking at an air base near Perth, he backed up Malaysian Prime Minister Naijb Razak's earlier statement that the plane had almost certainly crashed into the southern Indian Ocean. Mr Razak came under fire last week for announcing via text message that the 239 passengers on board the flight were dead, when authorities have still not been able to establish where the plane crashed. Mr Abbott also said that search teams "owe it to everyone" to keep hunting for the plane. He said: "The accumulation of evidence is that the aircraft has been lost and it has been lost somewhere in the south of the Indian Ocean. "That's the absolute, overwhelming way of evidence and I think Prime Minister Naijb Razak was perfectly entitled to come to that conclusion. "I think once that conclusion had been arrived at it was his duty to make that conclusion public. "Mr Abbott said that the search, which has been going on for more than three weeks, would continue "until we locate some actual wreckage from the aircraft and then do the regression analysis that might tell us where the aircraft went into the ocean. "