Activists taking part in an Anti-Gerrymandering Week workshop in Kuala Lumpur yesterday.  The goal is to reach out to young voters and educate them on how the process can be used to manipulate the electoral process.  – The Malaysian Insider pic by Afif Abd Halim, March 30, 2014. The Election Commission is to undertake a constituency redelineation exercise this year and a group of activists are on a mission to mobilise young voters to take notice and voice their concerns over gerrymandering. The activists, who are part of Sekolah Aktivisme, an initiative under UndiMsia!, launched their first anti-gerrymandering campaign in September last year, just four months after the 13th general election. But as a precursor to the redelineation exercise, an Anti-Gerrymandering Week was launched yesterday to reach out to young voters and educate them on how the process can be used to manipulate the electoral process. "We are doing this to move people into action, to educate young people to know that they have an avenue to protest against the redelineation if they do not agree or think it is unfair," said project head Chang Mei Yen. Former deputy higher education minister Datuk Saifuddin Abdullah, who spoke at the launch, noted that there was greater awareness among the people on clean and fair elections. "On top of that, the EC is faced with a declining confidence as never seen before in history," he said. "More of the public are asking to be included and consulted in this redelineation process, and are demanding that the EC consult everyone, not only political parties. ”Chang said the focus of Sekolah Aktivisme's campaign was different from that of election watchdogs like Bersih 2. 0 and Tindak Malaysia. "They are more into getting signatures and monitoring the whole process itself, while we are more towards creating awareness and social media activism," the 23-year-old added. They had decided to focus on the Puchong constituency to do this as their pool was small, she said. The activists plan to go to the ground in Puchong, where voting patterns over the years have shown a significant jump in votes for Barisan Nasional right after a redelineation exercise. "Not that we mean that this (constituency re-delineation) was the reason (for the increase in votes) but there is a recurring pattern," said Sekolah Activisme's Sheela in a presentation at the launch. They plan to educate the voters that they had a right to protest if they disagreed with the results of the EC's redelineation process, which was expected to take at least two years to complete. Saifuddin called on voters to give their support to civil societies, which would also draw their own constituency maps, and awareness groups which empowered voters to have an informed say on how their electoral boundaries should be drawn up. Under Schedule 13 of the Federal Constitution, affected public can object to the EC's proposed boundaries if there is a representation of more than 100 voters. Besides the public, state governments and local authorities are also allowed to register their objections.  The EC is required to organise a local inquiry upon receiving the objections as stipulated under the Constitution. In the last redelineation exercise in 2003, more than 50% of the objections filed with the EC were rejected because they failed to fulfil the conditions. Critics have claimed that the redelineation process was BN's tool to  manipulate the electoral process, where gerrymandering and malapportionment of constituencies had been linked to the EC.  – March 30, 2014. 