On Monday, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak appeared before the press to announce that missing flight MH370 “ended in the Southern Indian Ocean. ” Najib’s statement finally gave the families of the passengers an “answer” on the fate of their loved ones.  But it comes after weeks of spectacular obfuscation by Malaysian government officials, who repeatedly fudged details, contradicted each other or used the tragedy to score points against the political opposition. Just to add insult to injury, Malaysian Airlines informed the families of the sad news by sending them a text message.  Small wonder that some of the relatives are now accusing Malaysian officialdom of orchestrating a “cover-up,” and demanding to see concrete evid-ence such as the plane’s black box. The rest of the world has reacted to the half-truths of the Malaysian authorities with bewilderment.  But to us Malaysians it’s nothing new: We’ve been putting up with this sort of garbage our entire lives.  Our officials are incapable of communicating because they’ve never felt the need to.  Our corrupt and incompetent bureaucracy regards its own citizens with such top-down contempt that its dialogue muscles have simply atrophied. So it’s no wonder that Malaysians have spent the past few weeks coping the way we’re accustomed to: by indulging in conspiracy theories, the last pathetic refuge of people who know that they can never expect the truth from their own leaders.  So we’ve seen some Malaysians blaming the loss of the plane on everyone from our own government to the United States, China, North Korea, Iran, Afghanistan and — why not? — aliens.  Yes, it’s sad.  And yes, it’s more than a little crazy.  But in the final analysis you can’t really blame us.  Where else are we supposed to find any answers?The Malaysian government’s response has been dismal almost from the moment MH370 went missing.  In most countries, the prime minister would step forward and take the lead during a catastrophe of this magnitude.  In Malaysia, however, our prime minister decided to spend his time boasting about his skill at buying cheap chicken, analysing the economy’s health based on the price of kangkung (water spinach), or strolling around shopping malls.  He’s left the bulk of the mundane task of disaster management to the acting transport minister cum minister of defence, Hishammuddin Hussain, who has figured as the official government spokesman at a number of press conferences following the disappearance of MH370.  (Hishammuddin, it’s worth noting, is a cousin of Prime Minister Najib — a coincidence quite widespread in a country where politicians are often linked by clan ties. )Judging by the reactions from passengers’ families and the international media, Hishammuddin hasn’t exactly been doing a stellar job.  In the early days of the investigation, the minister and his team event offered a conspiracy theory of their own.  In this case, Malaysian officials speculated — without offering any particular evidence to back up their claim — that the plane’s pilot, a “fanatical supporter” of opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim and a relative of Anwar’s son-in-law, might have been motivated to hijack his own plane for political reasons.  The day before, a Malaysian court sentenced Anwar to five years in prison on sodomy charges, a decision that bars him for running for office in upcoming elections.  Again, none of this comes as a particular surprise.  In recent years, government officials have developed the habit of blaming everything and anything on the opposition, and especially on Anwar. One side effect of the government’s inept response to the MH370 catastrophe, according to some, is that it has prompted some unwelcome analysis of the country’s political system, which has been dominated by the ruling Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition for the past 57 years.  So is Malaysia’s paternalistic political culture really being challenged now that MH370 incident has exposed its leaders to the withering judgements of international critics? I’m inclined to doubt it.  As soon as the MH370 issue cools down, Malaysia’s government will return to business as usual.  Nothing will change. Just consider the scandal surrounding Abdul Taib Mahmoud, the chief minister of the Malaysian state of Sarawak.  According to the Bruno Manser Fund, a Swiss environmental group, and local critics in Sarawak, Abdul Taib, who’s held office since 1981, has amassed enormous wealth (and caused vast environmental damage) through his unchallenged control of the state’s forests.  These critics allege that Taib has used his power to enrich his own family and well-connected cronies, who have harvested billions of dollars’ worth of tropical timber.  Early last year, the international corruption watchdog group Global Witness released extensive video footage from a covert investigation that showed Taib’s cousins explaining how they had circumvented state laws to acquire vast tracts of forest land. In January 2013, 20 Swiss members of parliament filed a motion calling for an immediate freeze of assets held by Swiss banks on behalf of the Malaysian Taib family. In a normal, democratic political system, all this would have prompted official investigations, parliamentary inquiries, demands for accountability.  The Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission did organise a probe to investigate Taib — but the minister simply declared, with apparent impunity, that he would not cooperate with the “naughty” and “dishonest” commission.  As a result, Malaysian officials have yet to open a domestic investigation into the case.  One year later, in February 2014, the probe made the improbable claim that it could not find any evidence that Taib had abused his power.  On this March 1, Abdul Taib was sworn in for a term as Sarawak’s governor — a position even more powerful than the one he held before. Taib can get away with this sort of thing precisely because of his cozy relationship with the ruling BN coalition and the party that dominates it (the United Malays National Organisation, or UMNO).  The ruling coalition sees Sarawak as a vital cache of votes for the party, and within this system, Taib is untouchable.  In our general election last year, the main opposition coalition, led by Anwar Ibrahim, won just over 50 per cent of the vote — yet BN still ended up with 60 per cent of the seats in the national parliament.  That’s because the government uses gerrymandering and elaborate dirty tricks to divide up the election system in ways that ensure continued BN rule, regardless of the way Malaysians actually vote.  It’s not surprising, then, that there is zero sense of accountability in our country — and that the government officials who have risen to the top of the system feel little pressure to respond to those pesky demands for information from ordinary people. The Malaysian government has a long history of ignoring its citizens’ right to know.  Just take one of the most notorious cases.  Back in 2002, an international human rights group filed an international court challenge alleging that the Malaysian government had accepted millions of dollars in bribes from a French shipbuilding company in the $1. 25 billion (Dh4. 59 billion) purchase of two Scorpene submarines.  Though the French investigation produced enough evidence to implicate top Malaysian officials, the government summarily denied the claims, and no one was ever punished.  Over a decade later, the scandal is still unresolved. Or take the murder of Mongolian model and translator Altantuya Shaariibuu (which has also been linked to the submarine case).  Witnesses linked Altantuya romantically to one of Najib’s best friends and close policy advisers, a man named Abdul Razak Baginda.  Sources claimed that she was trying to blackmail Razak with her knowledge of the shady submarine deal before she was killed by two of Najib’s bodyguards.  Though the case implicated both the Malaysian prime minister and his wife, the government never initiated any official investigation.  The case has remained in limbo ever since. A private investigator, P Balasubramaniam (known as “Bala”), made a convincing statutory declaration for the prosecution in the Altantuya case — but soon retracted the statement, and subsequently dropped out of sight, along with his entire family.  Bala turned up again a few years later, claiming that he’d been offered $1. 5 million by a businessman close to Najib’s family if he’d take back his original declaration.  Bala died of a heart attack on March 15, 2013, in the midst of campaigning for the opposition in the upcoming election.  Then Olivier Metzner, a French lawyer involved the submarine court case, was found dead in “an apparent suicide” two days after Bala’s death. Not long after that the Malaysian Court of Appeals decided to acquit the two policemen who had been sentenced to death for Altantuya’s murder.  The court’s decision provoked an angry response from Altantuya’s father and the Mongolian government.  But, as we’ve pointed out, foreigners apparently have just as little right to satisfactory information from the Malaysian government as Malaysian citizens do. We Malaysians, in short, have been putting up with this culture of official impunity for decades.  Without having much choice in the matter, we’ve become accustomed to living under an authoritarian bureaucracy that mocks our requests for honest dialogue, and revels in its own contempt for basic rules of transparency and accountability. Now the international community is getting its own taste of what dealing with this system is really like.  What’s more, MH370 proves that Malaysia’s political immaturity is not merely a domestic issue, but threatens the citizens of other nations as well.  As Malaysian citizens, we offer our sincerest condolences to the families of the passengers and the international community — and we hope that you’ll join us in the fight against our government’s blatant corruption. Hui Mei Liew Kaiser is a graduate of Northern University of Malaysia in finance and international trade.  She also holds a degree from the University of Malaya in International Strategic and Defence Studies. 