Sandakan: Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) Central Youth Secretary David Ong lauded the statement by Sarawak Chief Minister, Tan Sri Adenan Satem that Sarawak did not join Malaysia but instead is a party to the formation of Malaysia. Like Sarawak, Sabah is an entity to the formation Malaysia as equal partner to the Federation. It is absolutely vital that history be appropriately recorded and correctly conveyed to the future generations so that our forthcoming leaders in the State are well aware of their stand and rights and will be in a good position to continue the course in safeguarding the interest of Sabahan, Ong said. "As citizens of Malaysia, it is our duty is to ensure government and its officials uphold the Constitution and abide by the rule of law. It is also our responsibility to support the government in the execution of its legitimate function for the good governance of the nation," Ong said. On the subject whether Sabah should only be governed by leaders from local based political parties, he said: "We do not discriminate political parties from Semenanjung, we hail any party which sincerely fights for the rights of Sabahan and brings prosperity to the State. "There are many leaders from Semenanjung who have contributed tremendously to the growth of Sabah and brought in new skills and technology advancement to the State, on the contrary we also have seen local born leaders mismanaging the state funds and waste countless opportunities and resources in the past. "Therefore we should receive any party which helps bring prosperity to the State and upholds the rights of Sabahan," he added. On oil royalty, Ong supported the appeal by KDM Youth from PBS, Upko and PBRS to the Federal Government to increase the oil royalty from five per cent to 20 per cent. Ong pointed out that one of the Barisan National manifestos for GE13 was to continue the special cash payment and provide fund for operating and development expenditure of more than 20 per cent from the oil and gas royalties. "While pending the review of oil royalty, I am confident the Federal Government will honour the special cash payment of not less than 20 per cent to the State," he said. 