It's difficult to put into words how amazing today has been, if the rest of our holiday. . . . I mean elective is like this then it's going to be an incredible 8 weeks!So an early start at 7 to do the boring job of collecting our washing meant we could head to jessleton point early to catch a boat to the island.  After a confusing system of buying tickets and a bit of time trying to find out exactly where to go we donned our life jackets and boarded the boat.  The 15 minute journey took us along the coast of kota kinabalu before heading to Mamutik island. Mamutik is the smallest island of the Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park and supposed to be one the of the more quieter islands.  It's difficult to describe in words how amazing it was as we got off the boat but image white sand and clear blue water where you can see fish swimming around the coral. . . it was bliss.  After walking along the beach to find a quiet area we were straight into the sea to snorkel.  There were hundreds of fish; parrot fish, clown fish, angel fish, some weird and wonderful colours and one huge fish I have no idea what it was! An hour easily passed and we were still finding new fish including some odd looking eels and crabs. By this point the sun was overhead and felt like it was well into the 40s, I felt like I was burning despite wearing factor 50! We decided to head along a trail into the island I had read about, it was a pretty steep climb but provided us with some shelter from the sun.  Eventually the path flattened out and we were on the top of the island surrounded by huge butterflies and the sound of the birds.  As we walked along taking in the scenery we both came to a complete stop as we saw a huge Komodo dragon in front of us. . . . a Komodo dragon! I couldn't believe I was actually looking at one, it must have been 2 foot in length just watching us from the path.  I didn't know whether to jump in excitement or run away scared! In the end it slowly moved across the path into the forest as we continued along the trail.  I had read you could take a side path along the trail to find a secluded part of the island with amazing views of the other islands and would you believe It we did! Not another soul in sight as we sat down with our feet in the clear warm water and admired the view from what felt like our very own private island. On the way back to the beach we encountered another Komodo dragon, however this one wasn't as friendly as the previous as instead of moving out of the way decided to hiss and whip it's tail at us.  We didn't realise just how long and powerful those tails are so it wouldn't half hurt if it made contact.  In the end we conceded defeat and took the long way back before spending a bit more time sunbathing and snorkelling.  By 3 the sky had clouded over so we headed back to the main area to watch the thunder and lightening storm in the distance before catching the boat back at 4.  On the way back we stopped of at the food court for our now regular large lemon ice tea, before heading back to the hotel. It was at this point we met Ahmed, another final year medical student from Edinburgh who had arrived in kota kinabaku today.  He was was spending 6 weeks here and also staying at the century hotel.  After introductions and a general chitchat we arranged to go out for dinner together once we were all ready.  In the end we went to a Korean restaurant on the waterfront which would you believe it was lovely food again! I can't remember the name of what I had but was in a lovely clay bowel with noodles, beansprouts, chicken, some other veg, a spicy sauce all top with a fried egg. . . delicious! We spent a good couple of hours there getting to know Ahmed and discussing loads of random stuff.  It looks like he's got lots of stuff he wants to do here so maybe joining us for trips and other stuff we can organise together.  It's good to see another elective student here so more company for meals out which should be good!So overall a pretty good day, just a shame we have to be back in hospital for 8 tomorrow, I suppose this is meant to be placement not a holiday. . . . 