Urgent: Chinese president arrives in Brussels for state visit Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Brussels Sunday for a state visit to Belgium, the first ever made by a Chinese head of state to the country in 27 years. Belgium is the last leg of Xi Jinping's four-nation European trip.  Before Belgium, he visited the Netherlands, France and Germany, and attended the third Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague . President Xi calls on China, Germany to build Silk Road economic belt Chinese President Xi Jinping has called on China and Germany to work together to build the Silk Road economic belt. Xi Jinping made the remarks during a visit to Port of Duisburg, the world's biggest inland harbor and a transport and logistics hub of Europe.  He said China's proposal of building the Silk Road economic belt, based on the idea of common development and prosperity, aims to better connect the Asian and European markets, will enrich the idea of the Silk Road with a new meaning, and benefit all the people along the belt.  The Chinese leader expressed the hope that Port of Duisburg will play a bigger role in the China-Germany and China-Europe cooperation. 7 Chinese ships convene west of Perth to coordinate search A total of seven Chinese ships convened Sunday in waters west of Australia's Perth to coordinate their search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. They are tasked with a total search area of 320,000 square nautical miles, according to a Xinhua correspondent aboard one of the vessels Jingangshan.  Earlier in the day, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced former Defense Force Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston will lead a new Joint Agency Coordination Center (JACC) based in Perth.  The new JACC will work with key international stakeholders including the families, friends and international media.  Abbott said that the JACC will ensure that the search is reinforced by strong liaison with all the relevant stakeholders.  In addition, Abbott reaffirmed that the Australian government has already announced that visa fees will be waived for the affected families.  To date, military air crew from Australia, China, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, South Korea and the United States are searching for possible debris from MH370. DPRK vows "not to rule out new form of nuclear test" if U. S.  sticks to hostile policy: FM spokesman North Korea on Sunday vowed "not to rule out the possibility of conducting a new form of nuclear test" if the United States continues its hostile policy towards Pyongyang. North Korean foreign ministry said in a statement that Washington will bear all responsibility in the event of a "catastrophic" event on the Korean Peninsula, warning the U. S.  against taking any "rash action. "The statement was made in response to a statement made by the United Nations Security Council at a closed-door consultative meeting Friday, which condemned Pyongyang' s recent ballistic missile launches. Andrej Kiska wins slovak presidential runoff Philanthropist Andrej Kiska has won Slovakia's presidential runoff. Kiska garnered over 59 percent of the vote, compared with over 40 percent for his closest rival Robert Fico, according the official results of the second round of the presidential election. Three Gorges Dam not affected by quakes The Three Gorges hydropower project was operating normally after a 4. 7-magnitude earthquake hit the area early on Sunday, following a first tremor that jolted the same place on Thursday. The epicenter of Sunday's tremor in Zigui County of Hubei Province is some 23 km from the Three Gorges Dam, according to the China Earthquake Networks Center.  China Three Gorges Corporation which administers the project says the operation of the Three Gorges Dam project was not affected.  The water level and the navigation of ships in the Three Gorges reservoir were normal with no reports of any large landslides. Authorities in Zigui are checking whether there were any casualties or property losses. Blue alert for heavy rain in south China A blue alert for heavy rain across China's southern regions remained in place on Sunday.  The National Meteorological Center says heavy rain is expected in some parts of Guangxi, Guangdong, Hunan, Jiangxi, Fujian, Guizhou and Chongqing from Sunday to Monday morning.  Precipitation in some areas of Guangxi and Guangdong is likely to reach 100 to 140 mm, and some affected regions will experience thunderstorms and hail. The center has informed local authorities to step up preparatory work against floods, landslides, mud-rock flows and waterlogging. Fujian relaxes one-child policy East China's Fujian Province has relaxed its family planning policy to allow couples to have a second child if each parent is an only child. The policy change may mean 56,000 newborns in the next two years, according to a survey. China reports 3 more human H7N9 cases Three more people have been confirmed to be infected with H7N9 bird flu in three Chinese provinces. China has reported more than 120 human H7N9 cases this year, including at least 36 deaths. 