SYDNEY—Aircraft and ships hunting for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 faced old problems in a new area of the southern Indian Ocean—from poor weather to floating garbage.  What they didn’t get was a breakthrough in a mystery entering its fourth week. Multiple sightings of objects floating in the ocean by Chinese, Australian and New Zealand aircraft raised hopes that authorities had made the right call on Friday to shift the search around 700 miles northeast of a previous zone because of new calculations of radar data.  But items fished out of the water turned out to be unrelated to the Boeing 777-200 plane, which disappeared on March 8. Australian authorities are continuing to add aircraft and ships to the search operation, counting a Malaysian Air Force C-130 Hercules plane for the first time among nine aircraft that scoured the sea around 1,850 kilometers (1,150 miles) west of the Western Australian capital of Perth on Sunday.  An Australian vessel equipped with devices that can find black-box flight recorders beneath thousands of meters of water is readying to leave Perth on Monday, although it will be some days before it reaches the search zone. Malaysian investigators believe Flight 370 crashed in the southern Indian Ocean when it ran out of fuel on March 8, thousands of kilometers from the nearest airport.  All of the 239 passengers and crew are assumed dead. Authorities are under pressure to make a breakthrough after several false leads, and amid rising anger among families of passengers on board Flight 370.  Dozens of Chinese family members, fed up with the amount of information they are getting from officials in Beijing about the fate of the missing plane, flew to Kuala Lumpur on Sunday in the hope of getting satisfactory answers from Malaysian authorities. Separately, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott put a former chief of the defense force in charge of a new body that would act as a bridgehead for families of passengers seeking to travel to Australia if plane debris is found.  The Joint Agency Coordination Centre aims to offer visa services, counseling and other help to families. The size of the new search area in the southern Indian Ocean is around 319,000 square kilometers (123,167 square miles), roughly four times as large as the area searched on Thursday, just before Malaysian officials used radar data to conclude they had been looking for the plane in the wrong place. Erik van Sebille, an oceanographer at the University of New South Wales, said the new search area is a “garbage patch” that contains much more flotsam than in the swath of the southern Indian Ocean previously searched.  “The chances of a piece of spotted debris being from the plane is quite low,” he said. Underscoring the challenges for searchers, a New Zealand P-3K2 Orion aircraft sighted 70 pieces of debris during a single sortie on Saturday.  However, Air Vice-Marshal Kevin Short, of the Royal New Zealand Air Force, said most weren’t of interest to the search. The search has become a race to detect signals from Flight 370’s black-box flight recorders before the batteries in their underwater locator beacon run out.  Authorities calculate that they have seven days, or thereabouts, to find the black boxes.  That could mark a turning point in the search effort, they say, which would become immensely more difficult. An Australian vessel carrying specialist equipment provided by the U. S.  Navy that can find black boxes deep below the surface of the ocean is set to leave Perth on Monday.  Water depths in the search zone range from 2,000 meters (6,562 feet) to 4,000 meters. </p><p>Bill Fry, a safety adviser and Boeing 737 captain at Express Freighters Australia, said that if search teams can find the black boxes, then it is very likely that they will find most of the missing plane nearby.  Heavy components such as the undercarriage and engines aren’t likely to drift far, whereas more-buoyant components may be carried further away from the impact site due to ocean currents, he said. The ADV Ocean Shield, owned by the Australian Navy, has been fitted with a black-box locator, a device that is able to detect pings from the flight recorder.  The vessel has also been loaded with a remote-controlled vehicle called Bluefin-21 that can scour the ocean depths for the missing plane. Both devices have a limited search ability.  The Towed Pinger Locator-25, or TPL-25, supplied by the U. S.  Navy, is able to detect sounds only within a one-mile radius.  The locator has to be towed at three nautical miles an hour, or knots, to work effectively, meaning it is restricted to searching about 150 square miles of ocean a day. Bluefin-21 uses sonar technology to search across a preprogrammed area of water, but is only capable of mapping about 40 square miles of ocean floor a day with a high degree of accuracy. “The search area remains vast and this equipment can only be effectively employed when there is a high probability that the final location of Flight 370 is better known,” said Commodore Peter Leavy, Australian commander of Joint Taskforce 658, which is coordinating the military response to find the missing plane. That means investigators may have to draw early conclusions on what fate befell Flight 370 from objects plucked from the water by the multinational flotilla of ships, if they can be definitively identified as plane debris. According to Mr.  Fry, finding the plane’s engines would show whether Flight 370 was under power at the point of impact with the water.  Compression marks on the fuselage would indicate the plane’s angle of entry into the water and the speed at which it was traveling, which would help investigators determine if the aircraft was flown into the water or had crashed.  The wings would be examined for evidence of the forces experienced on impact, known as “G loading. ”“It may get to a point where enough debris is recovered to enable clear assessments to be drawn,” he said.  “Without a doubt, the most useful items to recover are the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder. ”–Josh Chin and Lilian Lin in China and Rebecca Howard in Wellington, New Zealand contributed to this article. 