The digital screen of a Royal New Zealand Air Force photographer's camera shows unidentified debris, taken from a P-3C Orion aircraft searching for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Ocean yesterday.  – Reuters pic, March 30, 2014. A number of objects retrieved by the HMAS Success and Haixun 01 on Saturday have been examined and are believed to be not related to the missing Malaysia Airlines (MAS) flight MH370. The Australian Maritime Safety Authority (Amsa) in its statement tonight said the objects have been examined on the ships and are described as fishing equipment and other flotsam. However, according to Amsa, aircraft in the search area have continued to report sightings of objects similar to those reported previously. Objects sighted by aircraft cannot be verified or discounted as being from MH370 until they are recovered by ships.  Nothing has yet been verified as being from MH370, the authority said. The Boeing 777 jetliner carrying 239 passengers and crew on board went off radar on March 8 about an hour after taking off from KL International Airport at 12. 41am. Flight MH370, en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, was supposed to land in Beijing at 6. 30am the same day. The search activities for today have now been concluded with approximately 252,000 square kilometres searched, involving nine aircraft, said the authority. They included two Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) P-3C Orions, a Japanese P-3C Orion, a Chinese People's Liberation Army Air Force Ilyushin IL-76, a South Korea Navy P-3C Orion, a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon, a Royal Malaysian Air Force C-130 Hercules and two civilian aircraft. Amsa further stated in the statement that eight ships were tasked in the MH370 search area, which represents the greatest number of ships tasked in the search to date. It also noted that the weather in the search area was described as reasonable for searching and the visibility reported in excess of 10km. The Australian Defence Vessel (ADV) Ocean Shield meanwhile, is scheduled to depart from Perth tomorrow, after being fitted with a black box detector and an autonomous underwater vehicle while the search will resume tomorrow morning, subject to weather conditions.  – Bernama, March 30, 2014