CANBERRA, March 30 (Xinhua) -- Vessels scouring the southern Indian Ocean for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have managed to retrieve objects from the water for the first time, but they could not be confirmed as aircraft debris, said Australian rescue authorities Sunday as the search was stepped up. A number of objects were retrieved by Australian navy ship HMAS Success and Chinese vessel Haixun 01 on Saturday, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) said. "The objects have been examined on the ships and are not believed to be related to MH370.  The objects have been described as fishing equipment and other flotsam," said an AMSA statement. The news came as the search was stepped up with the arrival of more ships and the establishment of a new coordination center for the multinational force. A total of seven Chinese ships and two Australian navy vessels were in the search area about 1,850 km west of the city of Perth. The Chinese ships included transport dock vessel Kunlunshan, supply ship Qiandaohu, missile destroyer Haikou would be responsible for the search in the southern part of the newly- designated area, while Haixun 01, Nanhaijiu 115 and Donghaijiu 101 would search in the northern patch, Xinhua was told. HMAS Success, the Haixun 01 and Chinese navy vessel Jinggangshan were also in the area, said AMSA. Australian frigate HMAS Toowoomba left Perth Saturday and was due to arrive in the search area in about three days. Australian Defence Vessel Ocean Shield was scheduled to depart from Perth Monday after being fitted with a U. S.  Navy black box detector and an autonomous underwater vehicle to find and retrieve the missing aircraft's cockpit voice and flight data recorders. Earlier Sunday, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced former Defence Force Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston would lead a new Joint Agency Coordination Center (JACC) based in Perth. Abbott said Houston was "an individual of enormous experience and great skill who has already served his country with distinction. "The new JACC would ensure strong liaison with key international stakeholders, including the families, friends and international media. It would also provide a single contact point for families to gain up-to-date information and travel assistance including visa services, accommodation advice, interpreter services and counseling, Abbott said in a statement. He also reaffirmed that the Australian government would waive visa fees for the affected families. "This multi-country search is a powerful example of international cooperation at a time of adversity," he said. The search Sunday continued to focus on an area of about 319, 000 square km based on refined analysis of satellite and radar data by international air crash investigators. The search would resume Monday subject to weather conditions, said the AMSA statement. Families of Chinese passengers on missing plane demand more answersKUALA LUMPUR, March 30 (Xinhua) -- A new group of relatives of Chinese passengers on missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 arrived here Sunday from Beijing, demanding more definite answers from the Malaysian side on the disappearance of the jet. Jiang Hui, representing the relatives, said at a press conference here that the families have three requirements. MELBOURNE, March 30 (Xinhua) -- Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Sunday lauded China's assistance to Canberra in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. "As we speak, there's intense cooperation happening between the Royal Australian Navy and ships of the Chinese navy, between the Royal Australian Airforce and the aircraft of the People's Liberation Army airforce, in the search for knowledge and insight into what happened to MH370," he told a crowd at an Australia-China business event. Families of Chinese passengers on missing plane demand more answersKUALA LUMPUR, March 30 (Xinhua) -- A new group of relatives of Chinese passengers on missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 arrived here Sunday from Beijing, demanding more definite answers from the Malaysian side on the disappearance of the jet. Jiang Hui, representing the relatives, said at a press conference here that the families have three requirements. First, they hope that the Malaysian side could release all the data in a timely way, he said. 