Kota Kinabalu: Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah (PBRS) President Tan Sri Joseph Kurup has defended the party's Mount Everest flags raising mission, saying it is another way of the party serving the people especially the younger generation. "We want to show that our services to the people are not just limited to what commonly done for them.  We serve the people especially those of our younger generation according to the current situation and changes in mindset," he said. "So we are serving them accordingly, but in line with the ever-changing environment and requirement," he told reporters after he officially flagged off the mission in a ceremony held at the party's headquarters in Asia City here Saturday. Kurup, who is Minister in the Prime Minister's Department and Pensiangan MP, was asked to respond to certain quarters who said the RM30,000 or more being spent just for a mission to fly the flags of the nation, Sabah, BN and PBRS on Mount Everest would be better spent on assisting victims of biggest flood ever which also hit Nabawan, one of state constituencies under his parliamentary seat. Kurup said that should not arise because the money used for the mission is coming from generous contributions raised by members of the mission. "In terms of flood assistance, that is a different matter. As I understood it there was enough assistance provided for the flood victims concerned," he said. On claims including by the opposition that the flood victims in Sabah are not getting similar treatment in terms of assistance as those affected by floods in the peninsula who were provided with free electrical equipment and furniture on top of other kinds of assistance, he said: "I don't know about that, but as far as I know the government has strived to the best of its ability to provide assistance to the flood victims. ""In terms of the channelling of flood assistance to the victims, we see the assistance is not only provided by the government but also from non-governmental organisations," he said. The mission was organised by the party's Api-Api Division which would send eight of its supreme committee members and ordinary members to bring a customised flag (which has the said four flags imprinted on it) to Kathmandu, Nepal, on Mar 31 to hand it over to Sherpa Dorje Khatri who is scheduled to climb the mountain on Apr 4. 