Consumer group is of the opinion that a possible technological failure has been ignored by the investigatorsGEORGE TOWN: Consumers Association of Penang (CAP) has called on investigators to probe on technological failures as a possible cause behind the mysterious disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 on March 8. CAP president SM Mohamed Idris pointed out that given airplanes were designed to be as lightweight as possible, the aircrafts had fragile surface, which can and does develop cracks caused by metal fatigue due to repeated compression and decompression. “We feel it is important to point out that the issue of technological failure has been relatively neglected and remained in the background, although this has all along been a key possibility,” said Idris in a statement here today. He said these cracks can be aggravated by corrosion in a hot and humid atmosphere, citing several past cases of older Boeing 737-300 developing cracks. He cited the case of a Southwest airline Flight 812 that developed a five-foot hole in the roof on Apr 1, 2011 and was forced to make an emergency landing at a military base in Arizona. He said such cracks can cause explosive decompression of the plane, in which a part of the fuselage of the plane may be blown off as happened for example when an 18 foot long portion tore off in the Aloha Airlines Flight 243, a Boeing 737-297, on Apr 28, 1988. In that case, he said the oxygen masks worked and the plane rapidly descended, and was able to make an emergency landing with just one fatality. “As shown by the same example, despite an explosive decompression, the plane may continue flying and even land safely. “Given this past history, it is quite possible that something similar might have happened to MH370,” said Idris. According to Idris’ theory, if part of the MH370’s fuselage was blown off, it could well have caused the transponder to fail and the plane to lose radio contact. Perhaps, he suggested that the pilot heroically tried to save the plane by turning back and then descending quickly to 12,000 feet. He said the pilot may not live long enough to complete the manouvre probably due to failed oxygen masks. Possibly, he speculated a change of course happened as a consequence of explosive decompression. He said the plane very likely went on to fly on autopilot mode for several hours, and several thousand kilometers until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the sea. If technological failure was the cause, he said it would entail a thorough check up of existing aircrafts, which were often continually used for many years to recover the large costs of investment. He said a technological failure would raise questions about the design of the aircraft and whether the company concerned knew about these possible defects. “There must be an adequate and public investigation into technological failure as a possible cause of the disappearance of MH-370 since that might help to prevent the repetition of this tragic event and save many lives in the future. “Had anyone deliberately diverted the plane or hijacked it, they would do so for some purpose, and it makes no sense that they should keep quiet about it for so long. “It will take time to determine what exactly happened in the case of MH-370, and perhaps the full details may never emerge. “But this neglected possibility of technological failure deserves to be investigated far more thoroughly than has been done till now. “While this is just a speculation at this stage, it is clearly a very strong possibility,” said Idris. 