BN's victory in the by-election is a positive indication for an excellent performance in the next state election in Sarawak. MUKAH:Sarawak Barisan Nasional (BN) asked the voters of Balingian to “give Adenan a chance” and they responded with a resounding victory for the coalition in yesterday’s by-election, giving their stamp of approval for the new chief minister Adenan SatemThe BN had set the target for a bigger majority in the by-election, knowing fully well that victory was a foregone conclusion given the fact that the seat was formerly held by none other than former chief minister and current Yang Dipertua Negeri Abdul Taib MahmudThe BN candidate, former Dalat district officer Yussibnosh Balo, 48, garnered a bigger majority as targeted, securing the 6,911 surplus votes to beat businessman Abdul Jalil Bujang, 55, of Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR). The majority was 1,757 votes higher than the 5,154 majority garnered by Taib when he retained the seat during the state elections in 2011. Besides being an expression of strong support for Adenan, the higher majority was a boost for the BN’s drive to keep up its struggle.  A reduced majority for the PKR which retained the Kajang seat in a by-election a week earlier was also good news for BN. In Balingian, the big victory also showed ready acceptance by the voters of a Christian candidate who was fielded in a constituency once held by a Muslim elected representative. Under an agreement reached in 1963 with the Melanau community, one of the two state seats of Dalat and Balingian or the parliamentary seat of Mukah has to have a Christian Melanau elected representative. Mukah MP Muhammad Leo Michael Toyad embraced Islam several years ago.  The Dalat elected representative is Fatimah Abdullah, a Muslim.  In keeping with the pact, the BN fielded christian Yussibnosh in the Balingian by-election. The Balingian by-election was necessitated by the resignation of Taib as the elected representative when he stepped down as the chief minister. Deputy Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin, approached at the Mukah community hall soon after Yussibnosh was declared the winner of the Balingian by-election, said the victory was testimony of the people’s support for the leadership of Adenan and Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak. The enthusiasm over the BN victory in Balingian was rather subdued as the nation was in grief over the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines (MAS) Flight MH370 with 239 people on board en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8. Nevertheless, the victory places Sarawak BN in a favourable position for an excellent performance in the next state elections, due in 2016. 