General Motors chief executive for just two months, Mary Barra already is facing a massive crisis involving the recall of more than three million vehicles, 12 related deaths and revelations the automaker knew about the defect for a decade.  Now she’s set to testify before Congress, a theater of the absurd that could prove the ultimate test of how well she weathers this early challenge.  So far, Barra, who has spent more than 30 years at GM, has admirably stepped up to become the public face of the company’s response.  She released a series of videos – first to employees taking responsibility and five more answering commonly asked questions such as is my car safe to drive.  She has launched an internal investigation, sat with reporters for face-to-face interviews and listened in on customer service calls. Now she is heading to Washington to testify before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee on Tuesday and a Senate Commerce Committee panel on Wednesday.  She will undoubtedly face a barrage of thorny questions given her own roles at the company – she oversaw global product development and global manufacturing engineering during her rise – and what role GM’s 2009 bankruptcy and subsequent government bailout may have played in delaying an earlier recall.  GM has said they have known since 2004 that faulty ignition switches could fail and cut off engine power and electrical systems in cars such as airbags; 12 people have been killed as a result. Much is at stake for GM and Barra.  The company increased retail sales 11% in 2013 from the year before, delivering 2. 8 million vehicles in the U. S.  It has invested billions in research and development, with new sport utility vehicles for Cadillac, GMC and Chevrolet among upcoming launches.  They are second only to Toyota Motor Toyota Motor as the world’s largest automaker and eager to regain the top spot. As for Barra, while it’s easy to lament a rough patch in your early days, it does provide opportunities she wouldn’t have had otherwise.  First, she knows where to focus, which is often difficult for new leaders trying to define their agenda and differentiate from their predecessor.  Second, she gets to test her mettle and demonstrate to employees, investors, customers and the like what she is made of – good or bad.  That could take years for someone without an immediate crisis to weather.  And third, most other things will look easy compared to this situation once it’s in the rear-view mirror. Here’s a few additional pieces of advice for Barra and her team:1.  Set aside a pool of money to settle the lawsuits related to the recall.  GM may have left those responsibilities behind when they reorganized under Chapter 11 bankruptcy, but it’s the ultimate way to put your money where your mouth is.  Nothing she or anyone else says will matter if GM doesn’t do the right thing here. Hint: Wouldn’t be a bad idea to announce such an approach before she testifies. 2.  Address the culture issue – immediately.  This will be hard for Barra; after all, she is a product of that culture and it moved her up the ranks all the way to the corner office.  But culture – and a fear of delivering bad news – is most likely the reason information on the faulty switches didn’t get shared as it should have.  In a company as big as GM, it’s critical to create a sense of trust that makes it safe to raise issues without fear of retribution. 3.  While it’s good to own this crisis, Barra should limit her communications tothe big things such as findings of the investigation, lawsuit approach and the like.  A second GM leader should take on day-to-day communications whether it is media interviews or filming frequently asked questions videos.  And if there are more videos for Barra, she should avoid the teleprompter.  It is the rare person who doesn’t looked scripted and inauthentic; she has natural warmth and intelligence that needs to shine through. Crisis communications are, by their fast and furious nature, hard.  Most people get it wrong – just look at the mistrust that has resulted from the poor handling of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 situation.  GM is doing a good job so far thanks to having a strong and committed leader willing to aggressively own the issue.  Let’s see what this week brings. 