PETALING JAYA (March 30): Health Minister Datuk Seri Dr S.  Subramaniam has advised Indian Malaysian students not to be disappointed if they are not successful in gaining entry to do medicine in local public universities. He said there are many other science and medical related courses that students with good grades can consider pursuing. “These courses are much sought after and Indian students can go on to have successful careers in these fields,” Subramaniam was quoted as saying by Malaysian Nanban. The MIC deputy president said parents should realise that currently there are about 37,000 doctors in the country and in the next five years that number is expected to grow by another 30,000. “The government cannot afford to employ all these doctors in the future.   There will be a glut of doctors and there will be unemployment in this field,” he was quoted as a saying by the daily in its March 28 edition. Subramaniam also spoke about the nursing profession and said female students should also think about pursuing other courses besides nursing. “I know that many Indian female students like the nursing profession but there are already too many nurses in the country. ”The health minister said currently there is high unemployed in this field due to the excess number of nurses. He said that Indian parents and their children must change their mindset about the medical professional and consider other degree programmes as these courses are much sought after in the working world today. He told parents and students to consider courses where the prospect for employment is high. He gave the construction industry as an example, saying that when people thought about this industry they only thought in terms of labourers and this belief is outdated. “There are many professionals and consultants in the construction industry and the career prospects are very good,” said Subramaniam. He said there are many other industries that are growing fast with more jobs opening up. “These jobs can help the Indian students achieve a good quality of life,” said Subramaniam. He added that MIC and other Indian based organizations will be holding seminars and talks to help Indian students decide on a suitable career path.  He encouraged students to attend such talks before deciding on what degree courses to pursue. Meanwhile, Deputy Education Minister  P Kamalanathan  also advised Indian Malaysian parents not to encourage their children to only consider medical courses. He explained when pushed to pursue only medical courses, children work very hard to get the best grades possible so that they are accepted into the local medical programme. “Parents must understand that although their children obtain excellent results there is no way to ensure that they will all get a place in the local public universities to do medicine,” he was quoted as saying by Malaysia Nanban. Kamalanathan said that in previous years, parents were upset when their children were denied places to do medicine in public universities. The MIC central working committee member  said that with each passing year Indian children are performing better and better in both the SPM and STPM examinations. There was a need to ensure that this trend continues with more children from the community obtaining perfect grades in future examinations, he said. Kamalanathan said that with good grades Indian children go on to pursue higher education and seek better employment opportunities. “Only through education can Indian students come up in life,” he was quoted as saying. 