An Australian Navy vessel has been equipped with two different devices to help locate the flight data recorders from missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, as a US Navy captain says finding surface debris remains a "critical" first step. The US has provided the specialist equipment and operators for the Ocean Shield vessel, which is expected to leave for the search area off the West Australian coast today. Captain Mark Matthews from the US Navy says the first device is a towed pinger locator, which listens for acoustic emissions from the flight data recorders, and the second is an underwater vehicle. "Once we get a detection from this pinger [locator] we would put the autonomous underwater vehicle in the water to conduct a side scan, to map the debris field," he said. "That same system can be equipped with a camera to then collect photographic evidence of what is in the bottom [of the ocean]. "Captain Matthews, a director of ocean engineering with the US Navy, says it is critical the crash site is identified before the recorders can be located. "My team's role is to conduct an underwater search, if we can find surface debris, and then track it back to a probable point of impact," he said. "It is critical that we find that surface debris so we can reduce the area that we'd need to conduct an underwater search in. "He was involved in the search for an Air France jet which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 and says in that instance, they had a good idea where the plane went down, but it still took a long time to locate the wreckage. "The pingers were non-functional on that aircraft due to the damage it received when it hit the water," he said. "It then took over two years conducting side scan sonar searchers with autonomous vehicles to locate the debris. "Right now the search area is basically the size of the Indian Ocean, which would take an untenable amount of time to search," Captain Matthews said. "If you compare this to Air France flight 447, we had much better positional information of where that aircraft went into the water. "Eight ships and nine aircraft spent Sunday scouring a massive area in the Indian Ocean west of Perth, trying again to find some trace of the aircraft, which went missing more than three weeks ago and is presumed to have crashed in one of the most remote areas on the planet. "This represents the greatest number of ships tasked in the search to date," the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) said in a statement on Sunday night, adding that 252,000 square kilometres were searched. The plane, en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur, was carrying 239 passengers and crew, including six Australians. Numerous objects have been spotted in the two days since Australian authorities moved the search 1,100km closer to the WA coast. That move followed new analysis of radar and satellite data that concluded the Boeing 777 travelled faster and for a shorter distance after vanishing from civilian radar screens on March 8. None of the objects have been confirmed as coming from flight MH370. Objects retrieved on Saturday by both a Chinese vessel and HMAS Success have been examined and described as fishing equipment and other flotsam, AMSA said. Former Australian Defence Force chief Angus Houston will take a leading role in coordinating the international search effort, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Sunday. The retired Air Chief Marshal will head a new Joint Agency Coordination Centre to be set up in Perth. His role will be to maintain clear lines of communication between all of the international partners as well as with the families of the passengers, many of whom are expected to travel to Australia as the search progresses. Australia has also issued countries involved in the search a set of protocols to abide by should any wreckage be found. These include giving Malaysia authority over any investigation of debris conducted on Australian soil, a Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) spokeswoman said. "Australia intends to bring the wreckage ashore at Perth and hold it securely for the purposes of the Malaysian investigation," the spokeswoman said. Meanwhile, about 50 Chinese relatives of passengers on board the missing plane arrived in Malaysia on Sunday to press for answers about the fate of their loved ones. The grieving families, who have accused Malaysia of hiding information over the fate of the Boeing 777, are calling for a meeting with Prime Minister Najib Razak and his transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein, The Star Online said. Some are particularly angry at a March 24 announcement by Mr Najib that, based on satellite data and other calculations, the plane was lost in the southern Indian Ocean after being diverted thousands of miles off course. Relatives told reporters on Sunday that they wanted Malaysia to retract the statement and apologise. Mr Najib's aide said no meeting with the newly arrived families had been scheduled for Sunday. A spokeswoman for Malaysia Airlines said she could not comment on the matter out of respect for the families' privacy. 