Chinese relatives arrive in Malaysia to demand answers about what happened to the missing Flight MH 370More than two dozen of Chinese relatives of passengers on board the Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 have arrived in Kuala Lumpur demanding more information about what happened to the aircraft. Flight MH 370 disappeared on 8 March en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 227 passengers on board- two thirds of whom were Chinese. The international search of the South Indian Ocean has so far yielded no solid clues, with Chinese, Australian and New Zealand planes only spotting debris – compounding the frustration of families who have been waiting more than three weeks to discover the fate of their relatives. Beijing has since urged Malaysia to be open about the investigation while relatives have demanded o meet top officials for more information. The relatives of the Chinese passengers were ushered through a VIP area at the airport when they arrived in Kuala Lumpur and led onto two large buses that drove them to a hotel about half an hour away. When Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak confirmed on March 24 that based on radar and satellite analysis the plane had crashed somewhere in the southern Indian ocean, there were lingering questions because there was no physical evidence. Based on information received from a satellite, the search has been in two distinct corridors - one stretching to the north-west of the last known location in the Malacca Straits and one to the south-west. However, none of the countries on the northern corridor have reported any radar contact, and two sets of satellite images of possible debris in the south Indian Ocean have concentrated the search there. That wariness on the part of the relatives has been fuelled by the missteps at the beginning of the search, which started in waters off Vietnam, then swung to areas west of Malaysia and Indonesia, and then as radar and satellite information was further analysed, to southwest of Australia and now to a second zone farther northeast. On his part, Australia’s prime minister Tony Abbott has said he is hopeful a clue will emerge soon to narrow the search for the missing aircraft. With even more ships and aircraft scouring the area, none of the recovered items have been associated to Flight MH 370. Among the objects spotted over the last day were three by a Chinese Ilyushin IL-76 plane that were white, red and orange, according to a report from China's official Xinhua News Agency.  The missing Boeing 777's exterior was red, white, blue and grey. 