In this article, the first in a series of six instalments, our teen columnist who is a non-verbal autistic and a true blue Malaysian, explains how English has empowered him while lamenting the need for the authorities to recognise its importance and global dominance. WILL the authorities be sorry for some of the decisions they’ve made? Can we ask them now if the nation has benefited from the changes they made to the education system with regard to English? Should we hold them responsible for the natural death of the English language in this country?I write my opinion about the current standard of English in Malaysia.  All of my views are based on articles in newspapers regarding the declining standards of the English language. I have been privileged to meet people with varying abilities in the language.  I am not writing from experience, as I have been home-schooled with English as the medium of instruction. My mother who had her primary and secondary education in government schools is obviously well-versed in Bahasa Malaysia but she realised that in order to be a global player, an individual needs to be proficient in English. It is for this reason that she wants my brother and I to excel in the universal language. My mother’s view on education is to gain knowledge not just as a means to pass exams, but to secure a good life as well. She has a strong sense of patriotism and has ensured that I too am well versed in Malaysia’s history, even if all this is relayed to me in English. Again, are we against the grain because we are not using the national language?You may wonder why I can’t use two languages for learning.  It is because of my autism.  I get anxious when people speak to me or use more than one language at a time. I am glad that my parents speak only English at home but that doesn’t mean that I am less of a Malaysian. It is the language used to empower me with knowledge, the language used by my therapist who is from the United Kingdom and the language used in most scientific research related to autism. If my parents had used Bahasa Malaysia as the medium of instruction to educate me, my life would have become more complicated. I would probably need a translator everywhere I go and only watch television programmes in Bahasa Malaysia.  My mother would have to translate every book she reads to me. I am baffled as to why changes were made in the first place to our education system that produced graduates who were capable of competing globally. All we needed, was a continuous review of the syllabus and teaching methods to keep up with rapid progress. With such a solid foundation, we could have built an education system that would have been the envy of the rest of the world. Instead, so much of time and money was spent repairing what was not broken — the medium of instruction. Not everyone in this country desires only one medium of instruction.  People should be allowed to choose which type of school they would like to attend since the responsibility of one’s education lies on the individual and his or her parents. After all, it is only the medium of instruction that is different, the syllabus usually remains the same.  Are politicians afraid people will gradually lose their sense of patriotism if given the choice?Perhaps we should conduct a survey to ascertain the level of patriotism across all ages.  We would probably find the Baby Boomers with the highest score and Generation Y down in the list. Quite often, I get the opportunity to be amongst teenagers who have various educational backgrounds.  Some are home-schooled, some attend international schools while the rest are from government schools. Although they are all equally intelligent, there is an obvious difference.  Listen to them communicate.  The ones who are home-schooled and from international schools seem to be more at ease carrying out conversations with adults. Perhaps it’s because they have the fluidity in the language that is commonly used in urban areas.  It is obvious that for one to be fluent in a language, one has to use it diversely. If the government wants to see a nation compete globally then it must develop a plan that places more emphasis on English.  Simply teaching English as a language will not suffice. It has to be used to teach other subjects to achieve this objective.  Every effort must be taken to revive our standard of English. Assimilating a foreign language into our culture does not necessarily mean we are abandoning our national language. Keeping in mind that this is the language that unites the nation, equal importance should be given to it. I picked this topic to get the attention of the law makers.  So much damage has been done to the standard of the English language that some say it is irreversible. Ignore negative opinions, put aside political insecurities.  Until the day the clock stops ticking, we should strive to improve. 