The ADNIF Wahat al Hili Branch is part of ADNIF 's rapidly growing network.  ADNIF , the Shari'a-compliant finance arm of the National Bank of Abu Dhabi ( NBAD ), operates branches in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah. "We are pleased to open our second branch in Al Ain and offer its residents a wide variety of Islamic banking products and services," said Fahad Ahmed Al Shaer, the Managing Director of ADNIF .  " ADNIF will follow an ambitious plan of growth and thus increase our reach to customers who desire accessible and purely Shari'a-compliant products and services. The branch was inaugurated by Alex Thursby, the Group Chief Executive Officer of NBAD ; accompanied by Abdulla M.  S.  AbdulRaheem, the Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer of NBAD ; Khalaf Al Dhaheri, the Senior Managing Director & Group Chief Operating Officer; Abdulla Al Otaiba, Senior Managing Director of Retail & Commercial - Gulf; and several other ADNIF and NBAD senior management. "I thank the senior management of NBAD for attending this inauguration," said Mr.  Al Shaer. ADNIF Elite Islamic " Spirit of The Union" WORLD ELITE MasterCard credit card, which was successfully launched on December 2 to celebrate the UAE's national day, is an example of ADNIF 's continuous strategy to offer innovative Shari'a-compliant solutions.  It offers the cardholder a wide array of exclusive and exceptional travel benefits and privileges in addition to ADNIF 's loyalty programme ( ADNIF STARS). About NBAD The National Bank of Abu Dhabi ( NBAD ) has one of the largest networks in the UAE, with an expanding network of 125 branches and cash offices and more than 585 ATMs across the country.  NBAD 's growing international network consists of about 60 branches and offices in 17 countries stretching across five continents from the Far East to the Americas, giving it the largest global network among all UAE banks. Since 2009, NBAD has been ranked consecutively as one of the World's 50 Safest Banks by the prestigious Global Finance magazine, making NBAD the safest bank in the Middle East. NBAD is rated senior long term/short term AA-/A-1+ by Standard & Poor's (S&P), Aa3/P1 by Moody's, AA-/F1+ by Fitch, A+ by Rating and Investment Information Inc (R&I) Japan, and AAA by RAM (Malaysia) , giving it one of the strongest combined rating of any Global financial institution. A comprehensive financial institution, NBAD offers a range of banking services including retail, investment and Islamic banking services.  NBAD grows strategically toward its vision to be recognised as the World's Best Arab Bank. For more information please visit our corporate webpage at: www. nbad. com. 