MISSING JET FROM MALAYSIA'S SEARCH OPERATION CONTINUES AFTER A SIGNAL WAS DETECTED IN INDIAN OCEAN ON SATURDAY(Photo : YouTube)Missing jet from Malaysia, Flight MH370, is still being searched for while newest update reveals a ping detected from the possible missing plane. Latest news was about the detection of electrical pulses detected by a Chinese patrol ship.  The pulse signal was detected on Saturday along the South Indian Ocean after the vessel Haixun 01 was deployed.  The missing jet from Malaysia carried 239 people on board, including the aircraft's crew members. Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 was a scheduled flight from the Kuala Lumpur International Airport that was bound for China.  However, the jet suddenly disappeared from the radar of the air traffic control on March 8 just a few hours after taking off from Kuala Lumpur.  As news of the missing jet from Malaysia broke off, different countries offered help as a search and rescue mission was organized. After the 17-day ordeal, Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak confirmed in his official statement that the missing jet from Malaysia went down in a remote area of the Indian Ocean after satellite images from China, Australia, and other helping countries detected images that could possibly be the debris of the aircraft. As the search for the recovery of the missing aircraft continues, a Chinese patrol ship has detected a signal possibly from the aircraft's black box.  A block box detector that was deployed by the patrol ship received a signal with a frequency of 37. 5kHz per second - the same as emitted by flight recorders - at about 25 degrees south latitude and 101 degrees east longitude, according to the confirmation of Australian Air Chief Marshall Angus Houston.  He also added that the characteristics reported were consistent with the missing plane's black box. However, there is still no confirmation that the signal detected really came from the missing jet from Malaysia.  Dozens of planes coming from different countries continue to search for the Malaysian aircraft.  Around 10 military planes, three civilian jets, and 11 ships are scouring a 217,000-sq-km (88,000-sq-mile) patch of desolate ocean some 1,700 km (1,060 miles) northwest of Perth, Australia, near where investigators believe the Malaysian plane went down. 