Missing Malaysian Boeing 777 was probably trying to avoid detection by radar stations after it dropped off Malaysian military radar screens, and contact with the plane was lost, said CNN on Sunday, citing a "senior Malaysian government official".  The plane may have intentionally been taken along a route designed to avoid radar detection, the source said. The source noted that this conclusion was drawn by experts who were investigating the airliner incident based on the study of radar data from countries who's airspace MH370 might have passed through.  The source believes that the airplane, flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, flew towards northern Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean without entering Indonesian airspace, then turned west over the South China Sea and over the Malacca peninsula. "What this official says is that after the Malaysia Airlines flight 370 took that left-hand turn, deviated from its path to Beijing, flew across Malaysia. . .  the official now says that they know from looking at available radar data from neighboring countries that the flight then skirted the radar airspace of Indonesia," he said in his report from Kuala Lumpur. The Boeing 777's flight path clearly showed that someone on the plane was piloting the aircraft in this manner to avoid detection by Indonesian radar, he added, citing the Malaysian source. The plane was then deliberately flown around northern Indonesia instead of flying over the country before it headed in a southerly direction towards the Indian Ocean where a multi-nation hunt is currently searching for it, Robertson said. The senior correspondent said the new information could now help investigators build a psychological profile of the flight crew aboard MH370, especially the two pilots manning the cockpit. Malaysian government officials have previously said that the plane appeared to have been deliberately diverted from its original course, which would have taken it north to Beijing. Investigators haven't yet said who they think might have flown the plane off course or why.  They also haven't so far ruled out mechanical problems as the cause of the diversion. Chinese ship looking for missing MH370 flight hears pulse in the Indian Ocean - media