KUALA LUMPUR: The family of Gao Huayun should be wary of con men claiming to have connections in rescuing the kidnap victim, said a former abductee’s relative who was involved in negotiating for her release. Taiwanese Richard Chang (pic), whose sister Chang An Wei, 59, was kidnapped from Pom Pom Island Resort off Semporna in Sabah last year by gunmen, said there would be many unscrupulous people, including so-called community leaders and officers, trying to cash in. “Be extra careful when dealing with them,” he warned. When contacted over the phone from Taiwan on Saturday night, Richard said he clearly understood and could feel the pain and suffering of those families whose members had been kidnapped. “Stay calm and strong while preparing for long-haul negotiation.  Of course, it is easier said than done but you must not lose faith and hope,” he added. Gao, a 29-year-old Chinese tourist from Shanghai, and Filipina resort worker Marcy Dayawan, 40, were abducted by Abu Sayyaf gunmen from the Singamata Reef Resort, not far from Pom Pom island, last Wednesday. One of the kidnappers is believed to have been involved in An Wei’s abduction. Chang urged the Gaos not to get too anxious over Huayun’s safety, saying the gunmen guarding his sister had treated her quite well. He also reminded the family not to reveal too much information to the media, as it might jeopardise the negotiation process or even Huayun’s safety. “The kidnappers will certainly demand ransom.  When the media reported that this woman (Huayun) is going to further her studies overseas, the kidnappers will think she comes from a rich family and demand a higher ransom. “I faced the same problem when the Taiwanese media reported about my family (being close to the wife of Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou),” he said. He also called on Chinese netizens not to sensationalise the issue and post negative remarks about the kidnappers, as well as the rescue teams from Malaysia, China and the Philippines. Asked how An Wei is doing lately, Richard said his sister had accepted the tragedy with great courage and fortitude. “Life has to go on,” he said, adding that coincidentally, his sister was in Shanghai for a personal trip on April 2, the day Gao was abducted. Last Nov 15, An Wei was holidaying with her 57-year-old husband Hsu Li Min on Pom Pom island when Abu Sayyaf-linked gunmen stormed their water chalet, killing Hsu. After being held at a forested area in the southern Philippine island of Jolo for 36 days, An Wei was released unharmed with the help of former US Army Special Forces commanding officer Gene Yu, who is Ma’s nephew. Abu Sayyaf-linked kidnappers trying to slip into Jolo islandFour gunmen familiar with Semporna’s waters, says Esscom