The telling of the story of MH370 – back once again in the headlines with the news that a possible black box signal has been detected – has told us much about Malaysia and its place in the world. An illustration: in the early hours of 2 April, a Malaysian journalist by the name of Ismail Amsyar called Malaysia Airlines flight 370 "a blessing in disguise" on Twitter.  "I understand now the beauty of unity," he wrote, "the sweetness of having each other. " Hishammuddin Hussein, Malaysia's beleaguered defence and acting transport minister, was mentioned in the tweet.  He responded with "Right u are" and a smiley face.  The internet rubbed its hands; here was yet another faux pas to punish.  But Hishammuddin's reply is telling, and it is as understandable as it is sad. It is difficult to begin articles about Malaysia without a primer.  There are three major races in the country, and a handful of others.  Life in Malaysia isn't bad, but it isn't great – racial politics is rife, as is corruption.  Electoral reform is frowned upon by a government that has been in power, continuously, since independence from British rule in 1957. This coalition, Barisan Nasional, keeps a stranglehold on power through gerrymandering and a tight rein on local media.  Traditional media outlets are licensed, and the government can revoke (or threaten to revoke) that license.  Journalists of a certain vintage still carry the scars of Operation Lalang, in which 106 people were arrested under the Internal Security Act and four newspapers temporarily shut down. While Malaysia's mushrooming new media is largely free of government meddling, attention from the international press still provides a curious sort of validation.  It's usually quite nice to wake up and see that, say, the New York Times is writing about Malaysia.  It's a pleasure that lies somewhere between the provincial glee of seeing your mum's best friend's name in the paper, and the bruised hope that corruption and greed and intolerance will skitter into the shadows, away from the bright light of scrutiny. Less than a week after MH370 went missing, coverage went macro.  Bloomberg's Businessweek said the Malaysian government's hostile attitude toward the press, and the ensuing lack of accountability, had filtered down to Malaysia Airlines.  A quote in a later report said the government was "handling a huge global issue as if it was domestic politics".  The New York Times said the incident "challenged [Malaysia's] paternalistic political culture and exposed its coddled leaders" to international critics. The indictments of institutions contained in these articles were catnip for Malaysians starved of critical thinking in the internal press.  This is a government that had censored and covered up so much, so why would their handling of MH370 be any different? Confusion and outrage grew, from within and without – and then came the backlash.  The media at home and abroad began calling out the reductive analyses of a complicated country. In what remains a one-party system, any political discourse becomes a polemic.  You are either with the government or against it, a patriot or a traitor.  However, there is something more than just blind support in the Malaysian reaction; a forlorn, belated sense of accord is sprouting from the ethnic faultlines that have so long divided the country.  There is solidarity, but there is also reflection – a combination that may yet prove toxic to a government used to equating togetherness with the utter absence of criticism. Multifaith shows of unity may be surprising, and depressing given their tragic catalyst – barely three months ago, disagreements over the right to use the word "Allah" turned hostile – but it is the arrival of belated nuance that may be most important to Malaysia.  This isn't just the realisation that a country is not its government, it's a move away from binary narratives.  The Malaysian government has tricky questions to answer about present and past inadequacies; it has also stumbled, perhaps understandably, in the face of an unprecedented aviation incident.  Even if the government's blinkers remain intact, a nation steeped in segregation is at last seeing itself in shades of grey. 