Channel presentsa special one-hour programme- FLIGHT 370: THE MISSING LINKS - which gathers the foremost thinkers in aviation and security to explore key questions surrounding the disap-- Discovery Channel presentsa special one-hour programme- FLIGHT 370: THE MISSING LINKS - which gathers the foremost thinkers in aviation and security to explore key questions surrounding the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.  The mystery of flight MH370 has garnered worldwide attention and generated widespread speculation about how the events unfolded.  FLIGHT 370: THE MISSING LINKS looks to industry experts to account for just how it is possible to lose track of an airliner - analysing evidence, deliberating the global frailties of aviation and divulging potential solutions to prevent the disappearance of an aircraft from ever happening again.  In an age when we can use apps to locate handheld devices, the special also looks at how a state-of-the-art airliner and its 239 passengers and crew can simply vanish.  Since flight MH370 went off the grid on 8 March 2014, questions about flight safety have once again taken centre stage.  In an attempt to answer some of these questions, FLIGHT 370: THE MISSING LINKS addresses seven missing links: airport security, air traffic control, on-board communication systems, mechanical failure, tracking - both radar and satellite, international cooperation and the black box. FLIGHT 370: THE MISSING LINKS is produced by ITN Productions and will air in more than 220 countries and territories worldwide on Discovery Channel.  The programme will premiere on Monday, 21st April at 9 pm only on Discovery Channel.  Tom Gorham, Executive Producer for Discovery Networks International, comments: "The mystery of flight MH370 serves as a tragic reminder that technology is indeed fallible.  With the help of seasoned aviation, tracking and satellite industry experts, FLIGHT 370: THE MISSING LINKS explores the events which have unfolded, focusing on just how this could have happened, and examining the inherent flaws in the eco-system of modern international travel. " Emma Read, Head of Factual and Features, ITN Productions, adds: "The disappearance of flight MH370 challenges everything we know about modern aviation technology.  This documentary reveals what every passenger should know and the technology being developed now to protect us in the future. " FLIGHT 370: THE MISSING LINKSis commissioned by Elizabeth McIntyre for Discovery Networks International, and executive produced by Tom Gorham for Discovery Networks International and Emma Read for ITN Productions. 