'Pak-China friendship era set to usher in new avenue of prosperity'Punjab Chief Minister, Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif, has said that Chinese leadership has opened new avenues of socio-economic prosperity of Pakistan for strengthening the old and longlasting friendship with Pakistan.  "A new era of economic relations and friendship, between the two countries, is going to usher in with the historic investment package of $32 billion and new history of development and prosperity of Pakistan will be written".  He expressed these views while talking to Chinese Ambassador, Sun Weidong, who met him here Saturday.  Matters of mutual interest and promotion of bilateral relations were discussed in detail during the meeting.  Shahbaz said that besides overcoming energy crisis, Chinese investment will also pave the way for economic development and new jobs as well as business opportunities.  He said that Pakistanis acknowledge this spirit of co-operation and sincere friendship of China.  He said that Pakistan Muslim League-N government will spare no effort for bringing development revolution in Pakistan by following the unprecedented development of China.  Shahbaz said that Chinese leadership and people are very sincere to Pakistan.  He said that various gigantic projects have been completed successfully under the leadership of Prime Minister, Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, with the co-operation of China in the past; similarly, new projects will be executed under the recent package.  He said that China has shown keen interest in investment in Punjab and the government is also providing all possible facilities to the Chinese investors in Pakistan.  He added that new projects are being launched with the financial and technical co-operation of China for overcoming energy crisis in Pakistan and after their completion electricity production will increase substantially in Pakistan.  The Chief Minister said that lucrative opportunities of investment exist in Pakistan for Chinese companies and a large number of Chinese companies are showing interest in investment for benefiting from these opportunities.  Thanking the Chinese companies for their interest in investment in Pakistan, Shahbaz said that people of both the countries are imbued with the spirit of love and mutual affection for each other and the popularity of Chinese products in Pakistan is a practical proof to this fact as their demand is increasing continuously.  He said that Prime Minister, Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, is making efforts for the development of every sector in Pakistan and new projects in energy and transport sectors will be completed with the co-operation of China.  He said that there is a great scope of co-operation between Pakistan and China in energy, transport and other sectors.  He said that the friendship of China has stood every test of trial and Chinese co-operation in development of Pakistan is a matter of pride for us.  He said that Chinese investment package of $32 billion will be fully utilised to the maximum benefit and the projects to be launched under Pak-China Economic Corridor will be completed speedily.  Chinese Ambassador, Sun Weidong, thanked the Chief Minister over the friendly sentiments expressed on behalf of Pakistan and also assured him of all possible co-operation on behalf of China for the national development programmes and prosperity of the people of Pakistan.  He said that Pak-China economic co-operation is increasing and China wants to see a strong and economically stable Pakistan.  He said that Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has completed numerous development projects expeditiously in the province and the people are benefiting from them.  No doubt, Shahbaz Sharif is an active Chief Minister working round the clock for the welfare of the people, he added.  In the meantime, Shahbaz in a meeting with the delegation of prominent Malaysian group, MMC Corporation, said that vast opportunities for promotion of livestock and Halal products exist in Punjab.  He said that Pakistan can earn huge foreign exchange through increasing exports of Halal products.  He welcomed the co-operation of Malaysian group in Halal products. 