KUCHING: In its initiation coverage on SBC Corpoartion Bhd (SBC), the research arm of CIMB Investment Bank Bhd (CIMB Research) revealed that it has unearthed deep value in the group. According to CIMB Research, this under-researched small-cap property company is trading at only 5. 6-fold current year 2015 (CY15) price earnings (P/E) and a massive 72 per cent discount to its RM6. 60 real net asset value (RNAV) per share. “The discount should narrow as more investors wake up to the potential of its projects in the Klang Valley and Kota Kinabalu, Sabah,” it highlighted. The research arm noted that SBC is a contractor-turned-developer with property projects in both Peninsular and East Malaysia, adding that it is led by managing director Sia Teong Heng, who has been with the company for more than 20 years. It further noted that the company is currently working on five property projects, which offer gross development value (GDV) of RM6. 2 billion over the next 10 years. “We are particularly excited about the RM1. 8 billion Jesselton Quay development, an integrated seafront project in Kota Kinabalu, backed by the Sabah state government,” the research arm shared, adding that Jesselton Quay is a joint venture between SBC and listed port operator Suria Capital Holdings Bhd (Suria). CIMB Research highlighted that SBC is waiting for final approvals from the state government before it launches the first phase of commercial units but believes approvals should be soon. Although SBC is a household name in Sabah, it noted that the group has a low brand profile in the Klang Valley. “This is not surprising as the company has been focusing on the Kota Kinabalu property market over the past decade. “However, given its rising number of property launches in the Klang Valley over the past few years, we believe that it is only a matter of time before investors grasp SBC’s potential,” the research arm opined. With current unbilled sales totalling RM200 million, CIMB Research projected that SBC should see a major boost by end-2014 from its new project launches Jesselton Quay (RM500 million) and Kiara East (RM500 million). “Among the property stocks under our coverage, SBC’s GDV/market cap ratio of 21. 1-fold is the highest, followed by Eastern & Oriental Bhd’s 16-fold. “We believe that this shows that the stock has potential value to be unlocked,” it projected. 