Kuala Lumpur: Seputeh MP Teresa Kok, who had a slap threat made against her by a group of Muslim NGOs, has criticised a former Sabah Chief Minister's offer of RM500 to anyone willing to slap the Home Minister over the abduction of two people from an island resort in Sabah. "I disagree with the RM500 offer to slap Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid made by the Datuk Yong Teck Lee," the DAP vice-chairman said in a statement. Yong had offered RM500 to anyone who slaps Ahmad Zahid when he next visits Sabah for yet another serious breach in Sabah's east coast security, following Wednesday's abduction of a Chinese female tourist and a Filipino resort worker by armed men. Yong said his offer was to show the anger of Sabah folk over the "repeated failures of the federal government to fulfil its constitutional duty to protect Sabah and its people". "I also offer RM1,000 to any Barisan Nasional MP who moves a motion in Parliament to deduct the salaries of the home minister, Defence Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein and the Rural Development Minister Datuk Seri Shafie Apdal (who is Semporana MP)," he had said. This is the second time Yong has offered money to slap Ahmad Zahid. The first took place last year after Ahmad Zahid, who was then the Defence Minister, claimed that three opposition leaders were behind the Sulu intrusion in Lahad Datu. In February, a group, calling themselves the "Council of Islamic NGOs" held a protest in Kuala Lumpur and offered a RM2,000 reward to anybody who dared to slap Kok.  They also slaughtered two chickens and smeared the blood on a poster bearing Kok's photo. Ahmad Zahid dismissed the reward, then, saying, "there is nothing to investigate as it is not a threat". "Why do we need to investigate that? Slapping is not a threat. If they say murder, then it is a threat," he had said. Kok said today that she would wait to see how the Home Minister would respond to Yong's statement. "While many Netizens have said that Ahmad Zahid has reaped what he sowed for his dismissal of the slap threat against me, I wish to make it clear that Yong's cash-for-slap offer against Ahmad Zahid is totally wrong and unacceptable. ""A slap threat is criminal intimidation and to support it is tantamount to replacing rule of law with law of the jungle.  I am committed to the rule of law. . .  My stand is, therefore, my commitment to the rule of law and is not a support for Ahmad Zahid," she added. Kok, however, called for Ahmad Zahid's immediate resignation or for Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak to sack him from his ministerial position for failing to protect Sabah waters. "If Zahid cannot provide a satisfactory and acceptable explanation for the security breach, he should have the sense of honour to offer his voluntary resignation as Home Minister, failing which the option is for the Prime Minister to sack him," she said. She said the abduction of the two foreigners has "shocked" the nation as it happened just a few months after the kidnapping of a Taiwanese tourist and the murder of her husband on Pom Pom island off Sabah. Chang An Wei, 56, was released in December - 36 days after she was kidnapped - after a ransom was paid to the Abu Sayyaf. Following the Lahad Datu intrusion by Sulu gunmen in February last year, Najib announced the setting up of the Eastern Sabah Security Command (Esscom) to beef up security along Sabah's coastlines, covering Kudat, Kota Marudu, Pitas, Beluran, Sandakan, Kinabatangan, Lahad Datu, Kunak, Semporna and Tawau. 