The race to find missing Malaysian flight MH370.  took a dramatic turn as searchers say they had detected a total of three “pings” from the black box flight recorder. The contacts from the black box have allowed them to narrow the search down to a grid around 83,000 square miles - roughly the size of Great Britain. But the hunt is coming to a head as the battery life of the recorder is due to fade out. Australian search co-ordinators announced a Chinese ship had detected a pulse signal for a second time, within hours of it being heard earlier on Saturday. An Australian ship has also received a contact from the black box. Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston called the discovery in the southern Indian Ocean an “important and encouraging lead” however warned the data was still unverified. British naval ship HMS Echo has arrived in the Southern Indian Ocean to join in the search. It is equipped with technology able to detect underwater signals emitted by data recorders. Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 disappeared on 8 March with 239 people on board. Investigators believe it crashed in the Indian Ocean although no confirmed debris has been found. The battery-powered signal from the “black box” recorders fades after 30 days. The fact search planes have once again failed to sight any possible debris will dampen any sense of optimism. After confirming details of the first pulse detected on Saturday which had “characteristics consistent with” an aircraft’s flight recorder, Air Chief Marshal Houston told a news briefing at Pearce Air Base near Perth of a second signal. FOR ALL THE LATEST UPDATES ON MISSING FLIGHT MH370 FOLLOW OUR LIVE BLOG. He said: “Saturday afternoon Perth time, there was another acoustic detection less than 2 km (1. 2 miles) from the original. ”The second signal lasted about 90 seconds, he said. The signal detected by Chinese ship Haixun 01 reportedly had the same frequency as those emitted by flight recorders. The search co-ordinator insisted the latest developments should be treated as unverified “until such time as we can provide an unequivocal determination”. He said: “We are working in a very big ocean and within a very large search area, and so far since the aircraft went missing we have had very few leads which allow us to narrow the search area. ”A dozen military aircraft and 13 ships will cover some 216,000 sq km during their search patterns. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott earlier said he was “hopeful but by no means certain” that the signal detected on Saturday was linked to missing flight MH370. Haixun 01 picked up the first so-called “ping” signal at about 25 degrees south latitude and 101 degrees east longitude, state-run Xinhua news agency said. The signal reportedly had a frequency of 37. 5kHz - the same as that emitted by the flight recorders. Three people on board the boat were said to have heard the pings, which were not recorded as they came suddenly. Xinhua also reported that a Chinese military plane had spotted a number of white floating objects about 90km away a few hours earlier. Flight MH370 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing four weeks ago. Malaysia earlier announced it had set up three ministerial committees to help co-ordinate the search. A new investigation team will include members from Australia, China, the US, the UK and France. 