KUCHING: Malaysian Bulk Carriers Bhd’s (Maybulk) subscription of PACC Offshore Services Holdings Pte Ltd’s (POSH) initial public offering (IPO) shares have been deemed by analysts a positive move as POSH prospects are expected to be robust in the next few years. According to the research arm of Kenanga Investment Bank Bhd (Kenanga Research), the subscription is going to be funded wholly by external borrowings and this would potentially increase the group’s gearing from 0. 06-fold to 0. 20-fold, which is still considered relatively healthy as its peers in the sector have gearing ratios in excess of 0. 5-fold. Similarly, the research arm of MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Bhd (MIDF Research) in a separate note, pointed out that the proposed subscription, which will be funded solely via external borrowings, indicates Maybulk’s sanguine intentions with regards to the prospects of POSH. MIDF Research further noted that the financial position of the group is strong with a net cash position of RM68. 5 million as at end of financial year 2013 (FY13), with its net gearing to increase to 0. 08-fold with the additional RM230 million borrowings. In regards to Maybulk’s earnings, Kenanga Research believed that the potential impact on the group’s earnings will be minimal assuming that they subscribe to the IPO to maintain their stake at 20 per cent. To put that into perspective, post listing of POSH, the research arm’s earnings forecast for FY14 and FY15 respectively are expected to be lower by nine and six per cent. “On top of that, do note that our earnings forecasts are considered conservative given that we have not factored in potential earnings increment from the associate from vessels to be added in FY14 and FY15,” it added. Overall, Kenanga Research is positive on the company’s decision to maintain their shareholdings in POSH at 20 per cent premised on several justifications. These justifications include that earnings dilution impact caused by the issuance of new shares in POSH post listing are expected to be partially mitigated, the research firm said. It further noted that earnings outlook for POSH is expected to be more robust in the next few years given several deliveries of vessels expected in both FY14 and FY15. Lastly, the research arm noted that the offshore support vessel (OSV) market is expected to remain buoyant in the coming years driven by increasing demand for infield support and maintenance for exploration and production (E&P) infrastructures, especially in Brazil and Mexico. “In addition, POSH is also expecting more vessel deliveries in both 2014 and 2015, which may drive the earnings significantly higher,” it reiterated. The research arm of MIDF Research highlighted that it is also positive towards the additional subscription due to the robust outlook in OSV sector. “It is noteworthy that POSH will take delivery of more than 50 OSVs within the next three years.  To recap, the associate’s earnings contribution improved by 54 per cent year on year (y-o-y) to RM54 million which constituted a bulk of Maybulk’s earnings in FY13,” it explained. Following the revision of POSH valuation from RM1 billion to RM1. 3 billion, MIDF Research maintained its ‘neutral’ stance on the stock. “We opine that the group is taking the right decision to subscribe to the additional stake in POSH as it will further contribute to its bottomline in the future,” it shared. As for Kenanga Research, it believed that the subscription to POSH IPO listing is positive for Maybulk on a net basis as the outlook for the OSV market is positive in the coming years and POSH has a strong chance of securing a fair valuation for its listing, which will add more value to Maybulk as a shareholder. “For now, we maintain our numbers, for the time being, pending more details in the IPO prospectus which will be released in the near future, to make further assessments on its potential earnings for FY15 and FY16,” it said. All in, Kenanga Research placed an ‘outperform’ call on the stock. 