Aviation General Blagoje Grahovac, member of the Advisory Board of the IFIMES International Institute, has analysed the recent disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777. On the basis of the information gathered and published it is possible to establish some important parameters for the reconstruction of the missing Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 accident.  Those parameters are:– the signals coming to the base station showed that the engines were working for about seven hours after the plane formally disappeared;– although the satellite and radar images of the plane in the air are insufficiently reliable they nevertheless indicate that the plane was physically in the air for about seven hours after the moment it formally went missing;– the fact that several passengers had their cell phones turned on is a considerable indicator that they were physically present in the plane while it was flying in the air although none of them answered the calls. The above parameters point to the following:– so far it is concluded that for the disputable period of seven hours the missing plane was physically in the air and in some kind of flying status;– the possibility of terrorist attack within the plane is excluded since the crew could have sent some signal and some of the passengers with the cell phones turned on would have done the same.  Moreover, a terrorist act taking place on board would not allow the plane to have such flight autonomy;– accidental or deliberate physical destruction of the plane with some missile weapon from the lower hemisphere is excluded since in such a case the plane wouldn’t have remained in flying status for such a long time and the crew would have reported an unforeseen event;– the (micro probability of the) plane being hit by the meteorite shower coming from the upper hemisphere can be excluded since this would have resulted in an immediate crash down of the plane;– a deliberate diversion of the plane by the crew and its landing at the unknown location can be excluded because the runways where a jet plane of this category can be landed are located at very busy airports and it would be impossible to keep it a secret for such a long time;– an assumption that the crew deliberately committed suicide can be excluded as they would have done it momentarily and the plane would not have “wandered” so long in the air with the flying parameters that have shown no logic or law of aeronautical navigation;– a terrorist act of instantaneous and lethal mass poisoning of the crew and the passengers can be excluded since in this case the plane would have continued its flight along the programmed route until it consumed all the fuel;– the “wandering” of the plane around the air along an irregular route until it consumed all the fuel shows that the crew was uncontrollably “reloading” some data and “managing” the plane somehow. It can be concluded from the above that the crew and the passengers were in an identical continuous process of losing consciousness.  This leads to the conclusion that a possible reason for the plane crash was the loss of consciousness of the entire crew and passengers on board due to hypoxia, followed by death. This means that there was no sudden decompression, as the crew would have had an indication and the automatic system would have activated the oxygen system and the masks. The above stated points to the following: firstly, the pressurisation system (regulating the cabin pressure) was in a defective technical state already before the plane took off, secondly, instead of being in the “automatic” regime the pressurisation system was in the “manual” regime which the crew did not notice, and thirdly (and in my opinion most probably), a terrorist act was carried out while the plane was still on ground by way of sabotaging the pressurisation system and disabling the related signalisation. This could have caused the passengers and the crew to gradually fall in the state of hypoxia, whereby they were going through phases of illusions and hallucinations, eventually followed by death.  The aimless and uncontrolled flying of the plane for several hours is a strong indicator of that scenario. The hypoxia, illusions and hallucinations in air constituted important study fields of aerospace physiology and aviation psychology in previous years.  The technical development of aviation automation has pushed these studies out of the regular pilot training.  In July 1965 the Yugoslav Air Force marked a clearly detected case of a pilot’s death due to hypoxia.  While flying in a group of Thunderjet aircrafts that took off from the Zemunik airport near Zadar, the group leader stopped responding to flight control calls and to calls from other pilots in the group.  The companion pilots tried to establish contact with him to no avail and could only watch his inert head movements.  He continued to fly straight ahead the until the fuel run out, hitting the ground near the town of Murau on the Autrian-Swiss border.  The expert investigation carried out after the accident showed that the aircraft oxygen system failed.  The Thunderjet was flying at the altitude which was 3 000 meters below that of Malaysian Boeing 777.  Statistics show that the number of pilot deaths due to illusions is counted in thousands.  However, it is not known how many of those cases were caused by hypoxia. Conspiracy theories and mysticism should be excluded when dealing with aviation accidents.  The debris of Malaysian Boeing 777 should be looked for up to five thousand kilometres sideways from the plane’s planned route.  Nevertheless, it should be taken into account that insufficient parameters were available on the concrete flight of Malaysian Boeing 777. Blagoje Grahovac is a pilot with several decades of experiences who was also a flight instructor and a member of numerous commissions for investigating the reasons for aviation accidents. 