Kota Kinabalu: Sabah Opposition leader Datuk Lajim Ukin has challenged Umno as the anchor party of Barisan Nasional (BN) in Sabah to table a motion on increasing the oil royalty from five to 20 per cent in the coming State Legislative Assembly sitting. He said Umno should take the lead and be vocal in voicing out the State's rights for more oil royalty as the party has good ties with the Federal Government. "If Umno Sabah is sincere in fighting for the future of Sabah and the people and courageous, I am calling on the party to table a motion to raise the State's oil royalty from five to 20 per cent in the Assembly. "We (Pakatan Rakyat) will have no problem giving full support to the motion for the interest of Sabah and the future of our young generations. "But if Umno or BN Sabah is not brave enough to table the motion then we are willing to bring it up to the State Speaker and hope we will get the support of all BN elected representatives in the State Assembly," he said. Lajim, who is also Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) Sabah Chairman, said this to reporters at the party headquarters here, Saturday.  He was commenting on the oil royalty issue that was brought up by three Kadazandusun Murut BN component Youth wings here and BN leaders for the Federal Government to give full consideration. He said tabling the motion on oil royalty is not a political interest of anyone but for the interest and needs of Sabah and the people. Therefore, Lajim said it would be best for the opposition and Sabah BN/Umno to join hands in claiming more for the State from the Federal Government. "I am also disappointed with recent statement of Upko acting president Datuk Madius Tangau that tabling a motion on oil royalty is not a culture of BN.  "So what is actually the culture we should adopt to highlight and voice out important issues that concern Sabah's future and interest?"If the BN leaders and its elected representatives are brave, then table the motion in the State Legislative Assembly and I am sure Sabah Members of Parliament (MPs) will follow up and bring the longstanding issue to Parliament," he said. Lajim also called on Sabah Umno to emulate Sarawak's Chief Minister Tan Sri Adenan Satem who called for an increase in oil royalty from five to 20 per cent. He said Adenan comes from an "independent" party, Parti Pesaka Bumiputra Bersatu (PBB) and thus does not fear BN or Umno. He also supported a proposed move by Parti Bersatu Sabah (PBS) information chief Datuk Jahid Jahim that a State panel be set up to look into a review of the royalty.  He questioned why Sabah Umno did not take a similar initiative. He said he is aware that Sabah Umno deputy chief cum State Speaker Datuk Salleh Tun Said has agreed that a review should be considered by the Federal Government but he (Lajim) believed that Umno should be vocal on the issue. Lajim claimed that Sabah Umno must be unanimous in voicing it out to have an impact instead of having only one or two of their leaders speak up. 