This banner was put up by committee members to protest against the Kidex project.  — Picture by Ushar DaniellePETALING JAYA, April 7 — Residents of Petaling Jaya have formed a committee called “Say No to Kidex” to protest the construction of the proposed Kinrara-Damansara Expressway (Kidex). The highway — an elevated superhighway which could reach six to eight storeys high — aims to reduce traffic congestion and cut travelling time by 25 per cent between Damansara and Kinrara. The committee was formed in December last year after the state government gazetted plots of land last July to be acquired for the proposed project. All ownership transactions involving homes and properties within the project corridor have been frozen. Committee secretary David Yoong said the Kidex highway would not benefit the residents of Petaling Jaya because of the poorly positioned ramps for access and exit. “Kidex serves more like an end-to-end highway which will only benefit motorists from Bandar Kinrara to Damansara,” Yoong said. “The Jalan Utara-Timur-Sultan-Barat loop is not a continuous drive-around circle, so it is unlikely motorists from Petaling Jaya would use the expressway,” he said. Yoong added that there is great doubt the project would offer good connectivity or even traffic dispersal. “Residents of Petaling Jaya are anxious because of the lack of information from the authorities.  If our assemblymen claim they do not have access to any documentation, how was the land acquisition gazetted in the first place?” he questioned. Chairman Dr Mohan Mahatheva said the committee would agree to the project if it was for the greater good of the people but the lack of transparency was causing a lot of anxiety. “Why the lack of accountability by the authorities? Why are they not telling us anything?” he said. Dr Mohan said the proposed highway would also cause disharmony for residents in the area. “There will be noise pollution, dust pollution and other hazards that come with such a project,” he said. “Compulsory land acquisition can be accepted to a certain extent but there must be relevant information provided to those affected. ”Committee member Selva Sugumaran said the authorities, including the state and federal governments, should inform the residents if their properties would be acquired. “No one has been served a notice but the land office has claimed that notices were sent,” Selva said. “If the government has a plan for development, we must be informed beforehand so we can make our own preparations. ”