Water Distribution System Supervisor Town of Clinton Department of Public Works The Town of Clinton DPW is accepting applications for a Water Distribution System Foreman.  Applicants must have a minimum of 5 years supervisory experience from a municipal water department or water utility contractor.  Responsibilities include a variety of supervisory, administrative, maintenance work in the planning, construction, operation, and repair of the town water system and facilities.  Positon oversees a staff of 5.  Successful candidates should have a valid: (1) Massachusetts Commercial Driver's License (CDL) and (2) Massachusetts Class 2B Hoisting Engineer's License, (3) Valid Commonwealth of Massachusetts Drinking Water Operator Grade D2 license is preferred; if candidate does not have a D2 license, applicant will be required to obtain the license within 12 months of the date of hire.  Starting salary is $26. 67 per hour, plus license stipends.  Applications are available on the Town of Clinton Website at www. clintonma. gov.  or at the DPW office at Clinton Town Hall.  Please include a resume with your application.  Applications will be received at the Town of Clinton DPW, 242 Church St. , Clinton, MA 01510.  Please contact the DPW at 978-365-4110 with any questions.  Applications will be accepted until May 8, 2015EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO BOARD OF SELECTMEN AND TOWN EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO BOARD OF SELECTMEN AND TOWN ADMINISTRATOR Town of Lancaster The town of Lancaster is seeking a highly qualified individual to fill the position of Executive Assistant.  The Executive Assistant to the Board of Selectmen and the Town Administrator coordinates and manages the activities of the General Administration Department of the Town ensuring that all orders and policies of Board of Selectmen and Town Administrator are carried out.  Assist Town Administrator with paperwork and/or information with emphasis on purchasing and insurance.  Executive Assistant performs skilled administrative and clerical assignments involving a high level of organization and confidentiality, requiring attention to detail and accuracy to ensure effective and efficient operations.  This is a full time, salaried position.  This is a 40 hour a week position, Monday through Friday with additional time as required.  A full job description is available upon request.  The position requires a bachelor's degree in public administration, government, or political science with three to five years of increasingly responsible administrative experience in municipal government.  Please send your resume with letter of introduction along with five professional references to the Town Administrator at 695 Main Street; Suite 1, Lancaster, MA 01523 by May 30th. CONSTRUCTION SUPERINTENDENT/CARPENTER R. P.  Masiello Inc.  is seeking exp.  Commercial Project Superintendent and has Carpenter positions available.  We are a 40 year old firm based in Central Massachusetts and we are one of the most highly respected construction firms in Central New England.  Please visit our website at www. rpmasiello. com If you feel that you could make a positive impact to our excellent name and culture, please send resumes to: R. P.  Masiello Inc. , PO Box 742, Boylston MA 01505 NO PHONE CALLS OR DROP-INS PLEASE.  Candidates will interview directly with the President. Principal Assessor The Town of Spencer seeks qualified applicants for the full-time position of Principal Assessor.  This is a Department Head position; responsible for administrative, technical and supervisory work related to the valuation and re-evaluation of all residential, industrial and commercial real estate and personal property within the Town in accordance with state and local regulations.  Candidates should have a Bachelor's degree in public administration, business, finance, or a related field, and 5 years of experience in real estate valuations, preferably in local government, including some in a supervisory role; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Candidates must hold professional designation as a Massachusetts Accredited Assessor (MAA) and hold a valid Massachusetts driver's license.  Submit application letter, resume and standard town application form, available at www. spencerma. gov, to the Town Administrator, 157 Main St. , Spencer, MA 01562.  Review begins May 31st.  EEO Employer. ASSISTANT WASTEWATER OPERATOR The Town of Barre DPW - Sewer Department seeks an experienced professional for the full time position of Assistant Wastewater Operator for its municipal sewer plant, under the direction of the Chief Operator and Superintendent of Public Works.  Min.  reqs: HS diploma or GED, 2 yrs experience in a wastewater facility, or acceptable combination of education and experience; MA Wastewater Operators License-Grade 3, Hydraulics License and a Class B License or ability to obtain the required licenses within 12 months of employment.  Salary range is $19. 14-$23. 51/hr.  Complete job description with minimum requirements and employment application available from the Department of Public Works.  Interested applicants should submit a letter of interest and an employment application to: Town of Barre DPW, 441 Wheelwright Rd. , Barre MA 01005 no later than May 21, 2015 at noon.  For further information, please contact the DPW, at 978-355-5013or via Email to dpw@townofbarre. com.  A. A. /E. O. E. 