Two trade training events in Thailand were run in partnership with Global  agents in Hat Yai and Phuket.  The sessions covered basic travel information  about New Zealand as well as TNZ's Travel Trade website and Business Events  offering with its 100% Pure New Zealand - Beyond Convention campaignThe consumer-focused Singapore Airlines Travel Fair, held in Bangkok over  15-18 February, saw between 400-500 people per day, a significant jump inFive New Zealand operators joined the TNZ booth the following week at the  Corp.  The fair, which has been running for 14 years, attracted around  250,000 visitors over its four day run.  TNZ then attended the NATAS (National Association Travel Agents Singapore)  from 28 February to 2 March 2014.   This event also saw a significant jump in  attendee numbers compared with the same event last year, with 54,275  visitors over its three day run, as well as increased holiday bookingNext, TNZ were in Malaysia attending the Malaysian Association of Tour and  highest number of visitors to date with 90,273 visitors attending the event,  up from over 83,000 in 2013, indicating Malaysian travellers are feelingFurther activity in early March saw 51 SSEA travel sellers tour the length  of New Zealand over seven days, experiencing a raft of tourism activities  first-hand as part of TNZ's first SSEA mega-famil and the final step toTNZ's Regional Manager South and South East Asia, Mischa Mannix-Opie, says,  "The South and South East Asia region's visitor market continues to grow at  a good pace.  Tourism New Zealand's focus on training travel agents, as well  as our continued attendance at key travel fairs, plays a critical role in  knowledgeable about New Zealand and are able to effectively sell it as aFor the 12 months ending February 2014, total SSEA visitor arrivals were up  in all markets ‒ Thailand was up by 22. 9 per cent, Singapore by 16. 6 per  cent and Malaysia by 4. 8 per cent, while TNZ's emerging markets of India and  Indonesia were up by 5. 2 per cent and 11. 0 per cent respectively.  In January 2014, Singapore Airlines and Air New Zealand announced an  alliance that will see seat capacity increased by as much as 30 per cent  between the two countries.   With its great connections from multiple Asian  is a vital hub for visitors to New Zealand.  Malaysia Airlines will also commence a year-round daily service on 30 March  on its Kuala Lumpur to Auckland route.  Continuing a daily service beyond the  traditional high-season will offer a significant boost for the industry and  support TNZ's efforts to grow arrivals out of Malaysia. 