KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia Airports Holdings Bhd has complied with almost everything AirAsia Bhd re­quested for the airlines to operate from the new low-cost carrier terminal, MAHB senior general manager (operations services) Datuk Azmi Murad said. He said AirAsia, which had voiced reservations about moving to KLIA2, would be the biggest gainer by operating from the new airport. “The few things in AirAsia’s wish list that MAHB could not grant was the request for a spa and a museum,” he told Bernama. With flight operations at KLIA2 beginning on May 2 and the Low- Cost Carrier Terminal (LCCT) to close a week after that, there were no two ways about it but for AirAsia to operate from the new airport, Azmi said. He said the transfer to KLIA2 had been agreed upon by all, including the Immigration Department, Customs, police and the health authorities. AirAsia is expected to utilise 80% of the new airport located in Sepang. AirAsia Group chief executive officer Tan Sri Tony Fernandes, however, told an online portal that the airlines wanted to delay moving to KLIA2 to ensure the terminal is safe and secure. “I have seen many funny stories, but this takes the cake.  A museum and a spa.  Aware of the museum.  An idea to get kids interested in aviation.  Spa not aware,” Fernandes was quoted. “But the main point is we wanted a low cost terminal and safe and secure terminal. “All we wanted was a terminal which would make it cheap for consumers and on time.  MAB HAVE FAILED ON BOTH,” he added. “We will put out a clear statement.  Moving has never been in question, just timing and ensuring people can afford this terminal which was supposed to be low cost,” the aviation tycoon said. Last Wednesday, Deputy Transp­ort Minister Datuk Abdul Aziz Kaprawi said the LCCT would be closed on May 9 but AirAsia said it would not agree to move unless some of its concerns were addressed. Azmi said MAHB had run the Operational Readiness and Airport Transfer, which was a trial to stimulate functionality and operational aspects since February, and said that “we are very satisfied”. Costing RM4bil, he said KLIA2, which would handle about 45 million passengers a year, is “not a low-cost terminal, but the airlines that utilise it are low-cost”.  — Bernama