With many twists and turns, the mystery of MH370 continues to baffle and frustrate. The four weeks following the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines jetliner MH370 have been loaded with announcements, countless corrections, and reams of speculation. To hopefully clear the air, The Straits Times launched over the weekend a web special titled Lost: Untold Stories of Malaysia Airlines MH370. The interactive package contains exclusive videos, interactive maps, and picture galleries can be viewed on multiple devices, including tablets and smartphones. Tapping on its journalists and correspondents here and overseas, it is the paper's foray into long-form digital storytelling. Complete with interviews and press conference footage, it organises the flood of information that followed the disappearance. Written in six chapters, it retells the incident from March 8 when the Boeing 777-200 vanished from the radar with 239 people on board in the wee hours, to the current search for the plane in the southern Indian Ocean. The first chapter zooms in on the passengers, highlighting three Chinese construction workers who left their homes to work in Singapore and support their families. The second chapter details the Beijing-bound flight from take-off at Kuala Lumpur International Airport to its last, erratic manoeuvres - and what might have happened beyond. The third and fourth chapters chronicle the chaos, confusion and conspiracy theories surrounding the missing flight.  They also look at how the Malaysia Airlines and the Malaysian government handle the crisis. The fifth chapter highlights the extensive multi-nation search and the military hardware employed. The sixth and last chapter brings readers up-to-date on the entire operation, and current search efforts in the southern Indian Ocean. The latter included a commentary by Foreign Editor Ravi Velloor on how the disappearance could happen in this age of technology.  It also contained an examination of Malaysia Acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein who is tasked with briefing the world on the hunt for MH370. 