SIBU: Stopping the slide in English proficiency can help enhance racial harmony and the country’s global competitiveness. Sacred Heart Old Students’ Association (Shosa) president Robert Lau Hui Yew said the decline in English proficiency had become a matter of concern. “It has adversely affected our unity and competitiveness.  We are losing out in the global arena. “We just have to compare with Singapore to know how far behind we have fallen.  Even Vietnam has caught up with us, based on the PISA 2013 result,” he said at the Shosa and St Elizabeth Old Students’ Association (Seosa) combined dinner at Kingwood Hotel here on Saturday. The following is the full text of Hui Yew’s speech at the event:I warmly welcome everyone to this year annual dinner. It is during such occasions we have the opportunity to meet up with old friends from the days when we were students.  To still have friends from our teenage years and staying in touch is indeed priceless.  It proves the saying that friendship from student days is the best form and most genuine in nature.   May we continue to cherish this relationship throughout our lives. Our alma mater has served the community of Sibu for 112 years.  It started in 1902 when Sarawak was under the rule of the White Rajahs and was established by the Catholic Church.  It has served at least 3 generations of students in Sibu – from grandfather to father and now the grandchildren and even great grandchildren.  It has such a rich history. Although the school has been around for more than a century, the real contributors to the success of the school are the people behind the school – the Catholic Church for setting it up and providing the land; the school Board for the leadership and financial support; the principals, teachers and staff for their dedication and sacrifice in their work; and the public for their generous support financially and morally.  The community has placed their trust in the school by continuously sending their children to be educated here. The school relies heavily on the financial support from the community since its inception.  The building and expansion of the school from the time at Mission Road in the first half of the 20th century relied heavily on this support.  Even now, we relied heavily on the support from the public.  The opening of the late Datuk Robert Lau Hoi Chew Complex tomorrow by our Chief Minister, Dato Seri Adenan Satem is another testament of that fact.  The complex and the related facilities were built at the tune of RM6 million.  Many of the donors are former students of the school.  The Government gave a grant of RM2 million and the rest relied on public support.  This latest redevelopment project of our alma mater marks the end of the main redevelopment exercise of our school started by the late Datuk Robert Lau in early 2000. On behalf of the School Board, I cordially invite all to attend the official opening of the late Datuk Robert  Lau Hoi Chew Complex tomorrow morning at 11 am at the School.  It will be a great occasion for former students to take a look at how the school has been transformed and at the same time walk down memory lane with your friends.  It is also an occasion to acknowledge the contribution by the late Datuk to the school.  Although he left us almost 4 years ago on 9th April 2010, his work and contribution is still very much alive.  SHOSA is truly honoured to have Datuk Robert as our former president.  He is the finest son of our school. On 4th August 2013, Brother Albinus left us for the final time.  His passing marked the end of an era for the school.  Countless tributes poured in when news spread over the internet of his passing.  His funeral service at St Joseph School Kuching overflowed with people from all walks of life.  Requiem mass were subsequently held in Kuching, Sibu and Miri to commemorate his life and honoured his soul and spirit.  It has indeed been a long time since we last witness such wide acknowledgement of a man in Sarawak.  A true gauge of a person’s greatness is how the public treats and what they say on his passing.  The outpouring of grief and the sharing of stories of his past deeds bear testament that this man has truly become a legend of this land of the Hornbills. He came to Sarawak as a young man to serve without condition.  He came to a strange land leaving behind his family and country to serve and dedicated his whole life to educating and molding the young boys of Sarawak.  He has touched so many lives and changed the destiny of so many a young boy of Sarawak. Brother Albinus, we salute you.   We thank you.  We miss you. The Association also wishes to put on record its gratitude to Stephen Tan for his contribution to the school- from his time as a teacher and Principal of the school.  He has been the Principal of the School for the last three years.  He has put in great effort to continue to bring up the standard of the school.  He has overseen the transition of the school from double session to single session. How well the school fare depends crucially on the leadership provided by the Principal.  Our school has been fortunate to dedicate and inspirational leaders over the last 10 years when Stephen Tan became Principal for two years followed by Vincent Liong for 5 years and the return of Stephen Tan in 2011. We can tell how well the school does by gauging the spirit of the students towards the school when they leave school.  The attendance of former students like tonight’s event bear testimony of the school spirit during the reign of the Mill Hill Brothers and later the Lasalle Brothers, in particular the students under the late Brother Albinus by the huge turnout by the classes of the 1980s.   I see the spirit rekindled by the students under Stephen Tan and Vincent Liong judging by their action of organising reunion gathering among classmates and returning to the school for visits.  I sincerely hope they too will join our Association and start taking part in our Annual Dinner. I wish to briefly touch on the topic of the past and the present of our education system.  We all went through an education system that was one of the best in the Commonwealth.  The evidence is clear by the future careers of the students of that era.  We had the best teachers from the Mill Hills Brothers, Lasalle Brothers, technical subject teachers from India and local teachers.  The school we went to is similar to some of the private international schools nowadays.  The difference is most of these private schools operate on commercial basis while in the past these schools were run by the missionaries.  The missionaries school had a strong mission and sense of purpose.  For example the Lasalle Brothers’ motto is to educate the least, the lost and the last. The other area of concern today is the loss of English proficiency.  This has adversely affect our unity and competitiveness.  We are losing out in the global arena.  We just have to compare with Singapore to know how far behind we have fallen behind.  Even Vietnam has caught up with us, based on the PISA 2013 result. Sarawak is a truly multi racial and multi ethnic society.  Education plays a crucial role in maintaining this racial and ethnic harmony.  A common language for communication and one that can be of great value when entering the world economy is critical for our harmony and for propelling us in the global economy.  There is no doubt that English is that common language.  It is acceptable to all the different ethnic communities and the major races here.  The past records prove this.  It does not mean the loss of each community mother’s tongue.  That will survive through the community activities and domestic use and as essential subjects at school. I recall how my class in the 70s and 80s has the mix of all races and ethnic makeup so much so we were never aware of racial polarisation.  Sadly, this is no longer the case to a large extend with each race attending their own schools.  There is no opportunity for students to mix at the most formative time. I hope to see our school can one day gain that kind of environment and atmosphere we all had benefitted from in the past.   Parents should have more choices on the type of school without having to finance it privately.  Government is no the best body to dictate where, what and how children should learn.  Instead it should be the facilitators and coordinators of education with the express aim of producing the best students in the globalised world.  Only then can we achieve the status of a high income society.  This was what the missionary schools run by the likes of the Mill Hills Brothers and the Lasalle Brothers had provided us in the past century.  We owe it to our children to give them this opportunity. I quoted the following from a recent article in the Ant Daily:“Parent Action Group for Education (PAGE) chairperson Datin Noor Azimah suggested the government consider bringing back English medium schools as a choice. “That is something we desperately need.  We should convert a portion of existing schools to English medium schools because we can’t wait forever for our teachers and our neighbours are overtaking us.  We cannot afford to do things the same way,” she said. Noor Azimah makes a compelling argument.  A news report in 2013 quoted recruitment specialists as saying that the poor command of English among job seekers remained among the top complaints of employers. It was also reported that JobStreet. com Malaysia country manager Chook Yuh Yng said it was crucial to improve the level of English proficiency as it was used as the official medium of communication in 91 per cent of the companies in the private. She explained that PAGE’s stand for schools to prioritise English is not to challenge the government nor are they trying to eradicate Bahasa Malaysia as the national language. “In order for students to grow and thrive in the world arena after leaving high school, they must at least be able to communicate in English,” she said. The ability to write a well-organised paper with formulated views and proper grammar is one of the most significant skills required pursuing higher education.  In the work force, an employee’s writing ability is a solid representation of his or her level of education.  For this reason, it is vital that the students strengthen their ability to read and write English. Noor Azimah added: “At this point in time, parents are questioning the value of the curriculum in our ever changing society and more parents are yanking their children out of public schools and enrolling them into Chinese and/or private schools”. The Economist magazine carried an article in its 15th February 2014 issue which highlighted growing number of firms worldwide are adopting English as their official languages.   To quote:Lenovo is one of a growing number of multinationals from the non-Anglophone world that have made English their official language. The fashion began in places with small populations but global ambitions such as Singapore (which retained English as its lingua franca when it left the British empire in 1963), the Nordic countries and Switzerland. The practice spread to the big European countries: numerous German and French multinationals now use English in board meetings and official documents. Lufthansa, the German airline, in 2011 made English its official language even though all but a handful of the airline’s 50 most senior managers were German.  Fast Retailing, which operates the Uniqlo fashion chain, were among the first Japanese companies to switch.  Now they are being joined by old-economy companies like Honda and Bridgestone. 