SIBU: Second Finance Minister Dato Sri Wong Soon Koh yesterday called on the Chinese community to renew their commitment to the state government by rallying behind the just sworn-in Chief Minister Tan Sri Datuk Amar Adenan Satem. Speaking at Adenan’s first official visit as chief minister to Sibu for a meet-the-people session at a hotel here yesterday, Wong, who is also the Minister of Local Government and Community Development, said he understood that the community was concerned about its rightful place in the country. He said the anxiety had prompted them to ask whether their children could share the same opportunities as others and live with dignity and self-respect. In dismissing this fear, he said it was caused by a false sense of hatred and anger. “These sentiments can cause alienation, and alienation is an obstacle to unity.  If left unchecked, it can result in increasing polarisation of the races, a phenomenon which we must watch with concern. ”He said the government and the people must recognise this as an urgent problem and make a concerted effort to arrest this tendency with courage and resoluteness. “There is no time now to dabble in rhetoric, in slogan shouting, in debating who created our problems or who should solve them, in problems such as educational matters, land matters, religious differences, employment opportunities in the public sector, the practice of free enterprise system and other issues. ”According to him, the people of Sarawak were an image of harmony. “They are part and parcel of the social mosaic that makes Sarawak the rainbow state of Malaysia. “How would one explain Pehin Sri Taib Mahmud who is a Muslim Melanau being succeeded in Balingian by Yussibnosh, a Melanau Roman Catholic and married to a Christian Iban, Elizabeth Nelson,” he said to prove that harmony really existed in the state. “Dalat assemblywoman Datuk Fatimah Abdullah who is now a state minister was born to a Chinese father and Melanau mother.  She used to be known as Ting Sai Hing until she married a Muslim Melanau Datu Adi,” he added. Wong called on the people not to follow the political trend in Peninsular Malaysia in supporting the opposition. “Is there any point in being emotionally brave and foolhardy for a few hours or days during the election and regretting our conduct in the next five years, sidelining ourselves while our Bumiputera communities are deeply rooted in the BN government?”