Malays sacrificed enough, no need to cede rights, Perkasa saysPerkasa will not budge even by a single inch in defending the rights of the Malays, said Perkasa secretary-general Syed Hassan Syed Ali.  — file pcture KUALA LUMPUR, April 7 — The Malays have sacrificed enough for the sake of national unity and should not have to cede some of their rights and privileges just to please the country’s minority races, Perkasa said. Perkasa secretary-general Syed Hassan Syed Ali asked why it should be the Malays to sacrifice their rights for others when the non-Malays already “control” the Malaysian economy, in response to a proposal by several overseas graduates that the country’s Malays should cede their rights in exchange for a better acceptance of the Malay culture among the other races. “Why only the Malays have to sacrifice? And this supposedly because the other races cannot accept our ways.  They control the country’s economy. “What more must the Malays sacrifice?  Enough of asking from us,” Syed Hassan told The Malay Mail Online. At the “National Reconciliation: Unity in Diversity” forum moderated by Akademi Belia, the foreign graduates, who were mostly of Malay descent, offered to surrender their “special privileges” for the sake of fostering national unity. A forum participant, Mohd Zairul Mohd Noor, 34, said in exchange for the rollback of Malay rights and privileges, other ethnicities should “absorb” more of the Malay language and culture as part of their Malaysian identity, without forgetting their own customs. “We have [the] social contract, which means that Malays will be protected in certain things, in terms of education. “Why are Malays hesitant to let go of privileges to other races?” he said. Another participant Azrul Mohd Khalib pointed out that Malays “cannot survive” by holding on to race-based privileges and called on policymakers to redefine skewed policies, adding that the Malaysian identity should not be tied down to the dominance of a single ethnicity or group. “We cannot survive if we do not start practising meritocracy.  I think when it comes to national reconciliation, it has to address this critical issue of letting go of race-based policies,” the US graduate said. Malays make up over 60 per cent of Malaysia’s 30 million population and are constitutionally classified to also be Muslim and Bumiputera, together with the natives of Sabah and Sarawak. But Syed Hassan said the suggestions lacked insight as the commentators did not specify which special rights should be traded off or what unique privileges benefitted by the community should be done away with. “We want to know what they meant by privileges that we should give up so that other races can accept the Malay culture?” he added. “Just because you have been educated overseas, don’t forget your history.  We, the Malays, have helped in making the existing policies successful.  But when you come all you want to do is to get rid of Malay rights,” fired back Syed Hassan. He reminded the youths that once surrendered, the Bumiputera community’s constitutional rights and privileges, and affirmative action policies, would forever be gone. “Perkasa finds it peculiar, what can’t the other races accept about the Malay culture? For decades we have lived together in this fortunate country, why is it impossible to accept our culture?” said Syed Hassan. He said the community is exasperated by the constant scrutiny on Bumiputera rights and privileges. “We will always respect the cultures of other races but we will not allow our rights to be questioned… stop insisting that we give up our rights.  We have given in a lot,” said Syed Hassan. “Perkasa will not budge even by a single inch in defending the rights of the Malays and that of the natives of Sabah and Sarawak,” he added. 