PERTH, Australia — Naval vessels carrying sophisticated deep-sea black box detectors were rushing to the site of an "important and encouraging" lead in the hunt for the missing Malaysian airliner, the head of the multinational search said today. But retired Australian Air Chief Marshall Angus Houston stressed that the two electronic pulses that a Chinese ship reported detecting Friday and Saturday had not been verified as connected to the missing jet. China's official Xinhua News Agency reported late Saturday that the patrol vessel Haixun 01 had detected a "pulse signal" at 37. 5 kilohertz (37,500 cycles per second) — the same frequency emitted by flight data recorders aboard the missing plane — in the search area in the southern Indian Ocean. Houston confirmed the report, and said Haixun 01 had detected a signal again Saturday within 1. 4 miles of the original signal, for a period of 90 seconds.  He said that China also reported seeing white objects floating in the sea in the area. "This is an important and encouraging lead, but one which I urge you to treat carefully," Houston told reporters in Perth. "I (have) made clear, that these signals and the objects could not be verified as connected to the missing aircraft … that remains the case. "Houston said the British navy's HMS Echo, fitted with sophisticated sound-locating equipment, is moving immediately to the area where the Haixun 01 detected the signals.  The Australian navy's Ocean Shield, carrying high-tech sound detectors from the U. S.  Navy, will also travel to the area. But Ocean Shield would first investigate a sound it picked up from the deep ocean in a different region, he said. He said Australian air force assets were being deployed today into the Haixun 01's area. The effort would work on "discounting or confirming the detections," he said. After weeks of fruitless looking, the multinational search team is racing against time to find the sound-emitting beacons and cockpit voice recorders that could help unravel the mystery of the plane.  The beacons in the black boxes emit "pings" so they can be more easily found, but the batteries last only about a month. Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared March 8 en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, and investigators believe it veered way off course and came down somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean, though they have not been able to explain why it did so. Malaysia's civil aviation chief, Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, confirmed the frequency emitted by Flight 370's black boxes were 37. 5 kilohertz. Houston said his Joint Agency Coordination Centre had asked China for "any further information that may be relevant. " He said the Australian air force was considering deploying more aircraft to the area where the Chinese ship reportedly detected the sounds. Finding floating wreckage is key to narrowing the search area, as officials can then use data on currents to backtrack to where the plane hit the water, and where the flight recorders may be. As officials tried to verify the Chinese reports, Malaysia's defense minister and acting transport minister, Hishammuddin Hussein, was hopeful.  "Another night of hope — praying hard," he tweeted in response to the latest discoveries. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott also expressed caution about the Chinese report. "We are hopeful but by no means certain," Abbott told Australian Broadcasting Corp.  television.  "This is the most difficult search in human history.  We need to be very careful about coming to hard and fast conclusions too soon. "There are many clicks, buzzes and other sounds in the ocean from animals, but the 37. 5 kilohertz pulse was selected for underwater locator beacons on black boxes because there is nothing else in the sea that would naturally make that sound, said William Waldock, an expert on search and rescue who teaches accident investigation at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Prescott, Arizona. "They picked that (frequency) so there wouldn't be false alarms from other things in the ocean," he said. Honeywell Aerospace, which made the boxes in the missing Malaysia Airlines plane, said the Underwater Acoustic Beacons on both the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder operate at a frequency of 37. 5 kilohertz plus or minus 1 kilohertz. Waldock cautioned that "it's possible it could be an aberrant signal" from a nuclear submarine if there was one in the vicinity. If the sounds can be verified, it would reduce the search area to about 4 square miles, Waldock said.  Unmanned robot subs with sidescan sonar would then be sent into the water to try to locate the wreckage, he said. John Goglia, a former U. S.  National Transportation Safety Board member, called the report "exciting," but cautioned that "there is an awful lot of noise in the ocean. ""One ship, one ping doesn't make a success story," he said.  "It will have to be explored.  I guarantee you there are other resources being moved into the area to see if it can be verified. "Hishammuddin told reporters in Kuala Lumpur on Saturday the cost of mounting the search was immaterial compared to providing solace for the families of those on board by establishing what happened. "I can only speak for Malaysia, and Malaysia will not stop looking for MH370," he said. He said an independent investigator would be appointed to lead an international team that will try to determine what happened to Flight 370.  The team will include three groups: One will look at airworthiness, including maintenance, structures and systems; another will examine operations, such as flight recorders and meteorology; and a third will consider medical and human factors. Officials have said the hunt for the wreckage is among the hardest ever undertaken, and will get much harder if there are no confirmed debris sightings and the beacons fall silent before they are found. If that happens, the only hope for finding the plane may be a full survey of the Indian Ocean floor, an operation that would take years and an enormous international operation. 