Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Sunday searchers were "hopeful but by no means certain" that a pulse signal reportedly detected by a Chinese ship in the Indian Ocean was related to a Malaysia Airlines jetliner missing for four weeks. Chinese state news agency Xinhua reported that a patrol vessel hunting for Flight MH370 had picked up a "ping" on Saturday, raising hopes that it could be from the underwater beacon of the plane's "black box" voice and data recorders, Reuters reports. Australian search authorities said such a signal would be consistent with a black box, but both they and Xinhua stressed there was no conclusive evidence linking it to the Boeing 777 that went missing on March 8 with 239 people aboard shortly after taking off from Kuala Lumpur for Beijing. "This is the most difficult search in human history.  We are searching for an aircraft which is at the bottom of a very deep ocean and it is a very, very wide search area," Abbott told reporters in Tokyo, where he is on a visit. "We need to be very careful about coming to hard and fast conclusions too soon. "Chinese ship looking for missing MH370 flight hears pulse in the Indian Ocean - mediaA Chinese patrol ship looking for signs of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 in the southern Indian Ocean discovered Saturday a pulse signal with a frequency of 37. 5 kHz, Chinese news agency Xinhua reported. "That is the standard beacon frequency" for both so-called black boxes - the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder, said Anish Patel, president of pinger manufacturer Dukane Seacom, CNN reports.  "They're identical. "The announcement came nearly a month after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared, and on the same day that the nation's acting transportation minister said three committees were being formed to tackle the disappearance of the flight. One of the Chinese aircrafts involved in intensified efforts to locate missing MH370 has spotted "a number of white floating objects" in the south Indian Ocean, Chinese broadcaster CCTV reports. 