Following the analysts’ briefing on Thursday, Public Investment Bank said it has more positive views on Malaysia Steel Works (KL) Bhd’s (Masteel) prospects, given the local construction projects as well as steady steel bar prices.  The company’s management has allocated RM80mil to build a second rolling mill adjacent to the existing mill in Bukit Raja, Klang. Construction of the mill has started since end-January and is scheduled to be operational by the second quarter next year.  The new mill will have an initial production capacity of 100,000 tonnes per annum and will be expanded to 200,000 tonnes per annum in 2016. The improved capacity will bring additional 10% production to the local market.  Meanwhile, the strong local demand for steel bars has also lowered the company’s sale of billets as it requires more billets for its own steel bar production, Public Investment Bank said. It said the management has managed to overcome the additional expense of the recent electricity tariff hike, which could have had halved their earnings assuming there is no cost pass-through. In addition, the temporary shortage of steel products domestically due to the some hiccups and restructuring exercises experienced by the steelmakers have helped stabilise steel product prices and switch the demand to Masteel. The research house has upgraded its call on Masteel to “outperform” from “neutral” with higher target price of RM1. 26 based on a five-year price-to-book average of 0. 7 times after fine-tuning its numbers. It is positive on the company’s earnings prospects, banking on the higher capacity coming on stream as well as steady steel bar prices in the local market. HwangDBS Vickers Research expects weak first quarter (Q1) 2014 results for Perisai Petroleum Teknologi Bhd (PPT) due to idling vessels and cut its financial year 2014 (FY14), FY15 and FY16 forecast by 23%, 8% and 8% respectively. It said while PPT has been actively marketing its vessels to potential customers, it has yet to secure any contract. However, the research house expects strong recurring cash flow from Perisai Kamelia floating production, storage and offloading vessel (FPSO) to offset the earnings vacuum, contributing 56% of FY14 earnings after incorporating the changes in contract timing, as well as higher operational costs going forward. Meanwhile, the maiden delivery of Perisai Pacific 101 jack-up rig by Q2’14 suggests a drilling contract could be forthcoming, given the booming outlook for Malaysia’s offshore drilling, reinforced by PPT‘s recent 3rd rig order placed in Jan14. It has have imputed a half-year contribution for Perisai Pacific 101 in PPT FY14. HwangDBS maintained its buy call on PPT with a target price that was nudged down to RM1. 85, based on 15 times FY15F earnings per share. While near-term earnings may be weak, it expect t strong earnings growth from its timelyexpansion into the production and drilling business, which is projected to drive a 3-year earnings compounded annual growth rate of 64% over FY13 to FY16F. 