KUALA LUMPUR: Ahmad Zaki Resources Bhd (AZRB) plans to start work on the RM1. 5 billion Kuala Lumpur Outer Ring Road (KLORR) in the second half (2H) of this year. Despite environmental concerns raised, AZRB’s group COO Roslan Jaffar told The Malaysian Reserve that the company had obtained a detailed Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) which stipulated stringent guidelines on the project. “We realise the water catchment areas especially the Ampang water intake would be affected, hence we will shift the alignment of the road to move downstream avoiding the water catchment as per the EIA,” said Roslan. He said the project will only consume about 0. 01% of the forest area and the construction will be done phase by phase to contain any damage to the area. The Terengganu-based company had received the letter of intent for the project in 2008 to construct a 36km stretch (27km of which is the main highway) from Sungai Long to International Islamic University Malaysia in Gombak.  AZRB has negotiated with the Selangor state government for five years and it received the tender for the project in 2007. The KLORR will link with other major highways such as the South Klang Valley Expressway and the Kuala Lumpur-Kuala Selangor Expressway. Toll rates for the new highway are still under consideration from the government. “The 50-year concession will provide recurring income for the group and we would like to explore more such opportunities,” said Roslan. KLORR project work will start after AZRB completes the East Coast Expressway next month. AZRB plans to raise up to RM103 million from a rights issue with warrants and an additional RM1. 1 billion from a debt issue to fund the RM1. 5 billion KLORR.  The remaining funds are in the form of a soft loan from the government. Meanwhile, the group plans to spend about RM200 million to develop its oil palm plantation business. The money, mainly from internal funds, will be used to increase total planted area by another 10,000ha in the next two to three years as well as to build an oil palm mill. The group now has some 21,000ha in Indonesia of which 5,000ha is planted with oil palm which is starting to mature. “We would like to increase total acreage to about 40,000ha.  The oil palm business provides diversification to the group,” Roslan said. After undertaking a housekeeping exercise of its balance sheet in 2013 which saw the group provide for doubtful debts at the company level, focus this year will be to replenish its current orderbook of about RM1. 8 billion that can keep the group busy for about three years. “Our construction work turnover is about RM600 million a year, so we want to replenish the orderbook with about RM700 million of work with four to five projects in the range of RM150 million to RM200 million per contract. Focus will be on the Malaysian market,” he said.  Overall, the construction business will remain AZRB’s core segment, contributing about 80% of its annual turnover. AZRB is also involved in oil and gas (O&G) and property development, especially bunkering services. This content is provided by FMT content provider The Malaysian Reserve