President Obama has said the search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane MH370 will probably take a long time. Speaking on the weekend in Kuala Lumpur, where he had been meeting for trade talks with Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, Mr Obama said he would continue to commit US forces to help find wreckage from the plane in the southern Indian Ocean. President Obama told his hosts: "We don't know what happened, but we do know that, if in fact the plane went down in the ocean in this part of the world, that is a big place and it is a very challenging effort and laborious effort that's going to take quite some time. "Obama defended the Malaysian government's handling of the search, following criticism from relatives of those lost in the mystery disappearance of the plane. While most of the anger has been vented on relatives, former Malaysian prime minister, Mahathir Mohamad, has fanned the anger by also naming US aircraft giant Boeing, suggesting the plane-maker could be responsible for the disappearance. Dr Mohamad, who spent 22 years in office, said loved ones of those on board the flight should focus some anger on the US plane manufacturer rather than entirely blaming Malaysia Airlines. He said: "Boeing built this aircraft.  Boeing must explain how all these means of tracking the plane can be disabled, can fail. "He said Boeing should join in the search efforts rather than showing "no interest. "Meanwhile Najib Razak has finally confirmed reports that the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 was tracked by military radar. He said he had asked for a preliminary report into the incident to determine how Malaysia's air force and other bodies failed to fully track the plane. Flight MH370 disappeared last month while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board, most of them Chinese. The plane is believed to have crashed into the southern Indian Ocean far off the coast of Western Australia. The Australian government announced on Monday the search would now be scaled back. 